Home About IIIM People Jobs Contact Log in Staff Director Dr. Kristinn R. Thórisson has been researching artificial intelligence for two deces, in acemia and industry. His research centers on realtime interactive intelligences, complex cognitive systems and mind models. At MIT he pioneered new ideas in the area of communicative, multimodal intelligent agents. Recent projects include developing a cognitive architecture for the humanoid robot ASIMO by Honda Motor Corporation. He is the co-founder of CIA , Iceland's first AI lab, and Rar Networks , a Semantic Web company in San Francisco. He has taught vanced AI courses at Columbia University, KTH and Reykjavik University, and consulted for NASA and British Telecom, among others. Kris has authored numerous scientific papers and sits on the editorial board of the Journal of Artificial General Intelligence and the LNCS Transactions on Computational Collective Intelligence. MIT website Reykjavik University website Associate Director Dr. Stacy Marsella has been a Research Associate Professor of Computer Science at the University of Southern California, Associate Director for Social Simulation Research at the Institute of Creative Technologies and Co-Director of the USC Computational Emotion Group . He le projects on virtual humans, social simulation, interactive drama, emotions and theory of mind. USC website He of External Relations Heida K. Helgóttir has held numerous coordination and leership positions. She was He of Public Relations for the City of Reykjavik's Peer Educations Program and a Coordinator at Reykjavik University's International Office. She has participated in several public speaking competitions and received awards of excellence for her performance. She has organized several public events including Man of the Year Award Ceremony for a national business publication and many other award ceremonies and conventions, as well as managed political campaigns. Heida Kristín holds a B.A. in Political Science from the University of Iceland. visory Board Dr. Rosalind Picard , Professor, Massachusetts Institute of Technology Media Laboratory. She has served on dozens of international science committees and recently chaired the National Science Foundations Committee of Visitors for the Information and Intelligent Systems Division. She has also worked as a consultant for companies such as Apple, AT&T, BT, HP, iRobot, and Motorola. Dr. Jörg Siekmann , Co-Founder & Scientific Director, German Research Center for Artificial Intelligence (DFKI). Dr. Siekmann was a founding Chairman of the German AI Society, a Fellow of the German Computer Science Society (GI), Chairman of the Collaborative Research Centre on Resource-Bounded Cognitive Processes, among others. Dr. Ipke Wachsmuth , Director, Center for Interdisciplinary Research (ZiF); Chair, Artificial Intelligence, University of Bielefeld. Dr. Wachsmuth has a strong multidisciplinary publications in several fields, including cognitive learning research, intelligent tutoring systems, virtual reality and multimodal interaction. He is former president of the German Cognitive Science Society and is co-director of the Collaborative Research Center “Alignment in Communication.” Dr. Finnur Oddsson , Managing Director, Iceland Chamber of Commerce. Dr. Oddsson works with many of Iceland's largest organizations, public and private, in various capacities. Prior to his current post he was Director of MBA Programs at Reykjavik University, and Director of Executive Education and Assistant Professors. Dr. Eythor Ivar Jonsson , DBA, CEO of Klak, Reykjavik, Iceland, directs one of he primary incubation outfits in Iceland. Before joining Klak he held an Associate Professor position at Copenhagen Business School. He is Chairman of the Board of over a dozen Danish companies. Home About IIIM People Jobs Contact Log in Staff Director Dr. Kristinn R. Thórisson has been researching artificial intelligence for two deces, in acemia and industry. His research centers on realtime interactive intelligences, complex cognitive systems and mind models. At MIT he pioneered new ideas in the area of communicative, multimodal intelligent agents. Recent projects include developing a cognitive architecture for the humanoid robot ASIMO by Honda Motor Corporation. He is the co-founder of CIA , Iceland's first AI lab, and Rar Networks , a Semantic Web company in San Francisco. He has taught vanced AI courses at Columbia University, KTH and Reykjavik University, and consulted for NASA and British Telecom, among others. Kris has authored numerous scientific papers and sits on the editorial board of the Journal of Artificial General Intelligence and the LNCS Transactions on Computational Collective Intelligence. MIT website Reykjavik University website Associate Director Dr. Stacy Marsella has been a Research Associate Professor of Computer Science at the University of Southern California, Associate Director for Social Simulation Research at the Institute of Creative Technologies and Co-Director of the USC Computational Emotion Group . He le projects on virtual humans, social simulation, interactive drama, emotions and theory of mind. USC website He of External Relations Heida K. Helgóttir has held numerous coordination and leership positions. She was He of Public Relations for the City of Reykjavik's Peer Educations Program and a Coordinator at Reykjavik University's International Office. She has participated in several public speaking competitions and received awards of excellence for her performance. She has organized several public events including Man of the Year Award Ceremony for a national business publication and many other award ceremonies and conventions, as well as managed political campaigns. Heida Kristín holds a B.A. in Political Science from the University of Iceland. visory Board Dr. Rosalind Picard , Professor, Massachusetts Institute of Technology Media Laboratory. She has served on dozens of international science committees and recently chaired the National Science Foundations Committee of Visitors for the Information and Intelligent Systems Division. She has also worked as a consultant for companies such as Apple, AT&T, BT, HP, iRobot, and Motorola. Dr. Jörg Siekmann , Co-Founder & Scientific Director, German Research Center for Artificial Intelligence (DFKI). Dr. Siekmann was a founding Chairman of the German AI Society, a Fellow of the German Computer Science Society (GI), Chairman of the Collaborative Research Centre on Resource-Bounded Cognitive Processes, among others. Dr. Ipke Wachsmuth , Director, Center for Interdisciplinary Research (ZiF); Chair, Artificial Intelligence, University of Bielefeld. Dr. Wachsmuth has a strong multidisciplinary publications in several fields, including cognitive learning research, intelligent tutoring systems, virtual reality and multimodal interaction. He is former president of the German Cognitive Science Society and is co-director of the Collaborative Research Center “Alignment in Communication.” Dr. Finnur Oddsson , Managing Director, Iceland Chamber of Commerce. Dr. Oddsson works with many of Iceland's largest organizations, public and private, in various capacities. Prior to his current post he was Director of MBA Programs at Reykjavik University, and Director of Executive Education and Assistant Professors. Dr. Eythor Ivar Jonsson , DBA, CEO of Klak, Reykjavik, Iceland, directs one of he primary incubation outfits in Iceland. Before joining Klak he held an Associate Professor position at Copenhagen Business School. He is Chairman of the Board of over a dozen Danish companies. Loing... The system can't perform the operation now. Try again later. Citations per year Duplicate citations The following articles are merged in Scholar. Their combined citations are counted only for the first article. Merged citations This "Cited by" count includes citations to the following articles in Scholar. The ones marked * may be different from the article in the profile. d co-authors Co-authors Follow New articles by this author New citations to this author New articles related to this author's research Email dress for updates Done My profile My library Metrics Alerts Settings Sign in Sign in Get my own profile Cited by View all All Since 2019 Citations 6354 1855 h-index 36 21 i10-index 94 42 0 400 200 100 300 1994 1995 1996 1997 1998 1999 2000 2001 2002 2003 2004 2005 2006 2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 2024 17 23 25 56 50 91 78 92 99 99 119 127 113 170 259 257 267 281 312 307 332 300 294 296 259 282 340 260 398 269 284 Public access View all View all 18 articles 0 articles available not available Based on funding mandates Co-authors View all Hannes Högni Vilhjálmsson Professor of Computer Science / CIA, Reykjavik University Verified email at ru.is Jordi Bieger Researcher at Delft University of Technology & Doctoral Student at Reykjavik University Verified email at iiim.is Stefan Kopp Bielefeld University, CITEC Verified email at techfak.uni-bielefeld.de Stacy Marsella Northeastern University Verified email at ccs.neu.edu Juergen Schmidhuber King Abdullah University of Science and Technology / The Swiss AI Lab, IDSIA / University of Lugano Verified email at kaust.edu.sa Thor List Senior Solutions Architect, Databricks Verified email at list.dk Justine Cassell Inria Paris & Carnegie Mellon University Verified email at cs.cmu.edu Catherine Pelachaud CNRS - ISIR, Sorbonne University Verified email at upmc.fr Helgi Páll Helgason School of Computer Science, Reykjavik University Verified email at activitystream.com Pei Wang Temple University Verified email at temple.edu Antonio Chella Professor of Robotics, University of Palermo, Italy Verified email at unipa.it Haris Dindo Researcher | Machine Learning Engineer | Data Scientist Verified email at datagarage.tech Giovanni Pezzulo National Research Council of Italy, Rome Verified email at istc.cnr.it Dimitri Ognibene University of Milano Bicocca Verified email at unimib.it Ricardo Sanz Professor of Systems Engineering, Universid Politecnica de Mrid Verified email at upm.es Leonard M Eberding PhD Student, CIA, Department of Computer Science, Reykjavik University Verified email at ru.is Brigitte Krenn Austrian Research Institute for Artificial Intelligence Verified email at ofai.at Carlos Hernández Corbato Associate professor, Cognitive Robotics / Mechanical Engineering / TU Delft Verified email at tudelft.nl Manuel Rodriguez Universid Politécnica de Mrid Verified email at upm.es Arash Sheikhlar CIA, Reykjavik University Verified email at ru.is View all Follow Kristinn R. Thórisson Professor, Dept. Comp. Sci., Reykjavik University & Director, Icel. Inst. for Intelligent Machines Verified email at iiim.is - Homepage General Machine Intelligence Cognitive Science Agent-Based Simulation Articles Cited by Public access Co-authors Title Sort Sort by citations Sort by year Sort by title Cited by Cited by Year Towards a common framework for multimodal generation: The behavior markup language S Kopp, B Krenn, S Marsella, AN Marshall, C Pelachaud, H Pirker, ... Intelligent Virtual Agents: 6th International Conference, IVA 2006, Marina … , 2006 600 2006 The power of a nod and a glance: Envelope vs. emotional feedback in animated conversational agents J Cassell, KR Thorisson Applied Artificial Intelligence 13 (4-5), 519-538 , 1999 560 1999 Semantic web portal and platform N Spivack, KR Thorisson, JM Wissner US Patent 7,433,876 , 2008 437 2008 The behavior markup language: Recent developments and challenges H Vilhjálmsson, N Cantelmo, J Cassell, N E. Chafai, M Kipp, S Kopp, ... Intelligent Virtual Agents: 7th International Conference, IVA 2007 Paris … , 2007 325 2007 Semantic web portal and platform NT Spivack, KR Thorisson, JM Wissner US Patent 9,189,479 , 2015 292 2015 Integrating simultaneous input from speech, gaze, and hand gestures DB Koons, CJ Sparrell, KR Thorisson Proceedings of the 1991 International Conference on Intelligent Multimedia … , 1991 280 1991 Communicative Humanoids: A Computational Model of Psycho-Social Dialogue Skills KR Thórisson Ph.D. Thesis, Media Laboratory, Massachusetts Institute of Technology , 1996 210 1996 Methods and systems for managing entities in a computing device using semantic objects N Spivack, KR Thorisson US Patent 7,640,267 , 2009 174 2009 Natural turn-taking needs no manual: Computational theory and model, from perception to action KR Thórisson Multimodality in language and speech systems, 173-207 , 2002 174 2002 Method and System for Managing and Tracking Semantic Objects NT Spivack, KR Thorisson US Patent 7,398,261 , 2008 158 2008 Methods and systems for managing offers and requests in a network N Spivack, KR Thorisson US Patent 7,584,208 , 2009 141 2009 Methods and systems for creating a semantic object NT Spivack, KR Thorisson US Patent App. 12/359,236 , 2009 134 2009 Mind model for multimodal communicative creatures and humanoids KR Thórisson Applied Artificial Intelligence 13 (4-5), 449-486 , 1999 133 1999 Gandalf: An embodied humanoid capable of real-time multimodal dialogue with people KR Thórisson Agents, 536-537 , 1997 123 1997 Cognitive architectures and autonomy: A comparative review K Thórisson, H Helgasson Journal of Artificial General Intelligence 3 (2), 1-30 , 2012 103 2012 Simulated perceptual grouping: An application to human-computer interaction KR Thórisson Proceedings of the Sixteenth Annual Conference of the Cognitive Science … , 2019 101 2019 Semantic web portal and platform NT Spivack, KR Thorisson, J Wissner US Patent 8,275,796 , 2012 85 2012 Integrated AI Systems KR Thórisson Minds and Machines 17 (1), 11-25 , 2007 83 2007 Introduction to the JAGI special issue ‘On defining artificial intelligence’–commentaries and author’s response D Monett, CW Lewis, KR Thórisson, J Bach, G Baldassarre, G Granato, ... Journal of Artificial General Intelligence 11 (2), 1-100 , 2020 78 2020 A new AI evaluation cosmos: Rey to play the game? J Hernández-Orallo, M Baroni, J Bieger, N Chmait, DL Dowe, K Hofmann, ... AI Magazine 38 (3), 66-69 , 2017 78 2017 The system can't perform the operation now. Try again later. Articles 1–20 Show more Privacy Terms Help About Scholar Search help Home About IIIM People Jobs Contact Log in Staff Director Dr. Kristinn R. Thórisson has been researching artificial intelligence for two deces, in acemia and industry. His research centers on realtime interactive intelligences, complex cognitive systems and mind models. At MIT he pioneered new ideas in the area of communicative, multimodal intelligent agents. Recent projects include developing a cognitive architecture for the humanoid robot ASIMO by Honda Motor Corporation. He is the co-founder of CIA , Iceland's first AI lab, and Rar Networks , a Semantic Web company in San Francisco. He has taught vanced AI courses at Columbia University, KTH and Reykjavik University, and consulted for NASA and British Telecom, among others. Kris has authored numerous scientific papers and sits on the editorial board of the Journal of Artificial General Intelligence and the LNCS Transactions on Computational Collective Intelligence. MIT website Reykjavik University website Associate Director Dr. Stacy Marsella has been a Research Associate Professor of Computer Science at the University of Southern California, Associate Director for Social Simulation Research at the Institute of Creative Technologies and Co-Director of the USC Computational Emotion Group . He le projects on virtual humans, social simulation, interactive drama, emotions and theory of mind. USC website He of External Relations Heida K. Helgóttir has held numerous coordination and leership positions. She was He of Public Relations for the City of Reykjavik's Peer Educations Program and a Coordinator at Reykjavik University's International Office. She has participated in several public speaking competitions and received awards of excellence for her performance. She has organized several public events including Man of the Year Award Ceremony for a national business publication and many other award ceremonies and conventions, as well as managed political campaigns. Heida Kristín holds a B.A. in Political Science from the University of Iceland. visory Board Dr. Rosalind Picard , Professor, Massachusetts Institute of Technology Media Laboratory. She has served on dozens of international science committees and recently chaired the National Science Foundations Committee of Visitors for the Information and Intelligent Systems Division. She has also worked as a consultant for companies such as Apple, AT&T, BT, HP, iRobot, and Motorola. Dr. Jörg Siekmann , Co-Founder & Scientific Director, German Research Center for Artificial Intelligence (DFKI). Dr. Siekmann was a founding Chairman of the German AI Society, a Fellow of the German Computer Science Society (GI), Chairman of the Collaborative Research Centre on Resource-Bounded Cognitive Processes, among others. Dr. Ipke Wachsmuth , Director, Center for Interdisciplinary Research (ZiF); Chair, Artificial Intelligence, University of Bielefeld. Dr. Wachsmuth has a strong multidisciplinary publications in several fields, including cognitive learning research, intelligent tutoring systems, virtual reality and multimodal interaction. He is former president of the German Cognitive Science Society and is co-director of the Collaborative Research Center “Alignment in Communication.” Dr. Finnur Oddsson , Managing Director, Iceland Chamber of Commerce. Dr. Oddsson works with many of Iceland's largest organizations, public and private, in various capacities. Prior to his current post he was Director of MBA Programs at Reykjavik University, and Director of Executive Education and Assistant Professors. Dr. Eythor Ivar Jonsson , DBA, CEO of Klak, Reykjavik, Iceland, directs one of he primary incubation outfits in Iceland. Before joining Klak he held an Associate Professor position at Copenhagen Business School. He is Chairman of the Board of over a dozen Danish companies. Home About IIIM People Jobs Contact Log in Staff Director Dr. Kristinn R. Thórisson has been researching artificial intelligence for two deces, in acemia and industry. His research centers on realtime interactive intelligences, complex cognitive systems and mind models. At MIT he pioneered new ideas in the area of communicative, multimodal intelligent agents. Recent projects include developing a cognitive architecture for the humanoid robot ASIMO by Honda Motor Corporation. He is the co-founder of CIA , Iceland's first AI lab, and Rar Networks , a Semantic Web company in San Francisco. He has taught vanced AI courses at Columbia University, KTH and Reykjavik University, and consulted for NASA and British Telecom, among others. Kris has authored numerous scientific papers and sits on the editorial board of the Journal of Artificial General Intelligence and the LNCS Transactions on Computational Collective Intelligence. MIT website Reykjavik University website Associate Director Dr. Stacy Marsella has been a Research Associate Professor of Computer Science at the University of Southern California, Associate Director for Social Simulation Research at the Institute of Creative Technologies and Co-Director of the USC Computational Emotion Group . He le projects on virtual humans, social simulation, interactive drama, emotions and theory of mind. USC website He of External Relations Heida K. Helgóttir has held numerous coordination and leership positions. She was He of Public Relations for the City of Reykjavik's Peer Educations Program and a Coordinator at Reykjavik University's International Office. She has participated in several public speaking competitions and received awards of excellence for her performance. She has organized several public events including Man of the Year Award Ceremony for a national business publication and many other award ceremonies and conventions, as well as managed political campaigns. Heida Kristín holds a B.A. in Political Science from the University of Iceland. visory Board Dr. Rosalind Picard , Professor, Massachusetts Institute of Technology Media Laboratory. She has served on dozens of international science committees and recently chaired the National Science Foundations Committee of Visitors for the Information and Intelligent Systems Division. She has also worked as a consultant for companies such as Apple, AT&T, BT, HP, iRobot, and Motorola. Dr. Jörg Siekmann , Co-Founder & Scientific Director, German Research Center for Artificial Intelligence (DFKI). Dr. Siekmann was a founding Chairman of the German AI Society, a Fellow of the German Computer Science Society (GI), Chairman of the Collaborative Research Centre on Resource-Bounded Cognitive Processes, among others. Dr. Ipke Wachsmuth , Director, Center for Interdisciplinary Research (ZiF); Chair, Artificial Intelligence, University of Bielefeld. Dr. Wachsmuth has a strong multidisciplinary publications in several fields, including cognitive learning research, intelligent tutoring systems, virtual reality and multimodal interaction. He is former president of the German Cognitive Science Society and is co-director of the Collaborative Research Center “Alignment in Communication.” Dr. Finnur Oddsson , Managing Director, Iceland Chamber of Commerce. Dr. Oddsson works with many of Iceland's largest organizations, public and private, in various capacities. Prior to his current post he was Director of MBA Programs at Reykjavik University, and Director of Executive Education and Assistant Professors. Dr. Eythor Ivar Jonsson , DBA, CEO of Klak, Reykjavik, Iceland, directs one of he primary incubation outfits in Iceland. Before joining Klak he held an Associate Professor position at Copenhagen Business School. He is Chairman of the Board of over a dozen Danish companies. Home About IIIM People Jobs Contact Log in Staff Director Dr. Kristinn R. Thórisson has been researching artificial intelligence for two deces, in acemia and industry. His research centers on realtime interactive intelligences, complex cognitive systems and mind models. At MIT he pioneered new ideas in the area of communicative, multimodal intelligent agents. Recent projects include developing a cognitive architecture for the humanoid robot ASIMO by Honda Motor Corporation. He is the co-founder of CIA , Iceland's first AI lab, and Rar Networks , a Semantic Web company in San Francisco. He has taught vanced AI courses at Columbia University, KTH and Reykjavik University, and consulted for NASA and British Telecom, among others. Kris has authored numerous scientific papers and sits on the editorial board of the Journal of Artificial General Intelligence and the LNCS Transactions on Computational Collective Intelligence. MIT website Reykjavik University website Associate Director Dr. Stacy Marsella has been a Research Associate Professor of Computer Science at the University of Southern California, Associate Director for Social Simulation Research at the Institute of Creative Technologies and Co-Director of the USC Computational Emotion Group . He le projects on virtual humans, social simulation, interactive drama, emotions and theory of mind. USC website He of External Relations Heida K. Helgóttir has held numerous coordination and leership positions. She was He of Public Relations for the City of Reykjavik's Peer Educations Program and a Coordinator at Reykjavik University's International Office. She has participated in several public speaking competitions and received awards of excellence for her performance. She has organized several public events including Man of the Year Award Ceremony for a national business publication and many other award ceremonies and conventions, as well as managed political campaigns. Heida Kristín holds a B.A. in Political Science from the University of Iceland. visory Board Dr. Rosalind Picard , Professor, Massachusetts Institute of Technology Media Laboratory. She has served on dozens of international science committees and recently chaired the National Science Foundations Committee of Visitors for the Information and Intelligent Systems Division. She has also worked as a consultant for companies such as Apple, AT&T, BT, HP, iRobot, and Motorola. Dr. Jörg Siekmann , Co-Founder & Scientific Director, German Research Center for Artificial Intelligence (DFKI). Dr. Siekmann was a founding Chairman of the German AI Society, a Fellow of the German Computer Science Society (GI), Chairman of the Collaborative Research Centre on Resource-Bounded Cognitive Processes, among others. Dr. Ipke Wachsmuth , Director, Center for Interdisciplinary Research (ZiF); Chair, Artificial Intelligence, University of Bielefeld. Dr. Wachsmuth has a strong multidisciplinary publications in several fields, including cognitive learning research, intelligent tutoring systems, virtual reality and multimodal interaction. He is former president of the German Cognitive Science Society and is co-director of the Collaborative Research Center “Alignment in Communication.” Dr. Finnur Oddsson , Managing Director, Iceland Chamber of Commerce. Dr. Oddsson works with many of Iceland's largest organizations, public and private, in various capacities. Prior to his current post he was Director of MBA Programs at Reykjavik University, and Director of Executive Education and Assistant Professors. Dr. Eythor Ivar Jonsson , DBA, CEO of Klak, Reykjavik, Iceland, directs one of he primary incubation outfits in Iceland. Before joining Klak he held an Associate Professor position at Copenhagen Business School. He is Chairman of the Board of over a dozen Danish companies. Home About IIIM People Jobs Contact Log in Staff Director Dr. Kristinn R. Thórisson has been researching artificial intelligence for two deces, in acemia and industry. His research centers on realtime interactive intelligences, complex cognitive systems and mind models. At MIT he pioneered new ideas in the area of communicative, multimodal intelligent agents. Recent projects include developing a cognitive architecture for the humanoid robot ASIMO by Honda Motor Corporation. He is the co-founder of CIA , Iceland's first AI lab, and Rar Networks , a Semantic Web company in San Francisco. He has taught vanced AI courses at Columbia University, KTH and Reykjavik University, and consulted for NASA and British Telecom, among others. Kris has authored numerous scientific papers and sits on the editorial board of the Journal of Artificial General Intelligence and the LNCS Transactions on Computational Collective Intelligence. MIT website Reykjavik University website Associate Director Dr. Stacy Marsella has been a Research Associate Professor of Computer Science at the University of Southern California, Associate Director for Social Simulation Research at the Institute of Creative Technologies and Co-Director of the USC Computational Emotion Group . He le projects on virtual humans, social simulation, interactive drama, emotions and theory of mind. USC website He of External Relations Heida K. Helgóttir has held numerous coordination and leership positions. She was He of Public Relations for the City of Reykjavik's Peer Educations Program and a Coordinator at Reykjavik University's International Office. She has participated in several public speaking competitions and received awards of excellence for her performance. She has organized several public events including Man of the Year Award Ceremony for a national business publication and many other award ceremonies and conventions, as well as managed political campaigns. Heida Kristín holds a B.A. in Political Science from the University of Iceland. visory Board Dr. Rosalind Picard , Professor, Massachusetts Institute of Technology Media Laboratory. She has served on dozens of international science committees and recently chaired the National Science Foundations Committee of Visitors for the Information and Intelligent Systems Division. She has also worked as a consultant for companies such as Apple, AT&T, BT, HP, iRobot, and Motorola. Dr. Jörg Siekmann , Co-Founder & Scientific Director, German Research Center for Artificial Intelligence (DFKI). Dr. Siekmann was a founding Chairman of the German AI Society, a Fellow of the German Computer Science Society (GI), Chairman of the Collaborative Research Centre on Resource-Bounded Cognitive Processes, among others. Dr. Ipke Wachsmuth , Director, Center for Interdisciplinary Research (ZiF); Chair, Artificial Intelligence, University of Bielefeld. Dr. Wachsmuth has a strong multidisciplinary publications in several fields, including cognitive learning research, intelligent tutoring systems, virtual reality and multimodal interaction. He is former president of the German Cognitive Science Society and is co-director of the Collaborative Research Center “Alignment in Communication.” Dr. Finnur Oddsson , Managing Director, Iceland Chamber of Commerce. Dr. Oddsson works with many of Iceland's largest organizations, public and private, in various capacities. Prior to his current post he was Director of MBA Programs at Reykjavik University, and Director of Executive Education and Assistant Professors. Dr. Eythor Ivar Jonsson , DBA, CEO of Klak, Reykjavik, Iceland, directs one of he primary incubation outfits in Iceland. Before joining Klak he held an Associate Professor position at Copenhagen Business School. He is Chairman of the Board of over a dozen Danish companies. Intelligence is the foundation of all human activity. The pursuit of intelligent machines may be the most important endeavor humanity can undertake. My M.I.T. pages Kristinn R. Thórisson, Ph.D. thorisson ru.is Full Research Professor Department of Computer Science Reykjavik University Co-founder of CIA RU's AI Lab http://cia.ru.is Founding Director of the Icelandic Institute for Intelligent Machines IIIM introductory talk Co-Founder C o-founder of Rar Networks, Inc. , San Francisco (funded by Paul Allen's Vulcan Ventures), and inventor of the Twine technology (with Nova Spivack and Jim Wissner), the first large-scale Semantic Web site. Acquired by Evri in 2010. Paper describing the technology behind the Twine Semantic Web portal: [ PDF ] Either Way (Á annan veg, 2011) features synthpop I authored and recorded at age 17. The US remake, Prince Avalance , came out in January 2013. Alas, it does not use my music. But it's a fun movie. Marvin Minsky – In Memoriam A Lasting Inspiration People I Know Eric Nivel Pei Wang Jürgen Schmidhuber José Hernandés-Orallo Ben Goerzel Stacy Marsella Nova Spivack Hannes Högni Vilhjálmsson Yngvi Björnsson Thor List Katrín Elvarsdóttir Hrafn Thorri Thorisson Humanoid Cognitive Robotics I collaborated with the brilliant guys at Honda Research Institute USA and Communicative Machines in developing the Cogntive Map architecture which enables Honda ASIMO to play board games with kids. DW's Techtopia episode on 'Superintelligence' Featuring Kristinn R. Thórisson's AGI research Special Issue (2020) JOURNAL OF ARTIFICIAL GENERAL INTELLIGENCE (Ed.) On Defining Artificial Intelligence Fyrirlestur hjá deCODE Genetics (2017) Felst framtíð tölvunarfræði í gervigreind? (2021) Kris Thórisson – Towards True AI: Artificial General Intelligence (2014) General Machine Intelligence (GMI) My focus is on how a mind can be implemented in an artificial substrate – how we can build machines that think – and understand – the world around them. Natural intelligence is the result of multiple systems and subsystems, implementing complex information flow and control that produce learning, reasoning, intuition, attention, insight, creativity, and understanding. How can we implement such a system in a machine? Our artificial general intelligence (AGI) work focuses on how the architecture of a mind works as a whole. By building working, running models implemented in software we aim to both understand the mind and build a practical AGI system. To this end my team and I developed the AERA system. AERA demonstrates numerous operational features necessary to achieve AGI: Domain-independent learning , cumulative incremental learning , transfer learning , time-sensitive resource management , and life-long scalability . The system is currently being used by myself and my collaborators to study machine understanding , teaching methodologies for artificial learners, even the development of ethical values . You can re about AERA in my numerous publications — some of which have received best paper awards — and a 56-page technical report . Con - struct - iv - ist AI : Self-constructive artificial intelligence system with general knowledge acquisition and integration skills. Systems capable of architectural self-modification and self-directed growth; develop from a seed specification; capable of learning to perceive, think and act in a wide range of novel situations and domains and learning to perform a number of different tasks. Not to be confused with: Con - struct - ion - ist AI : Artificially intelligent manme system built by hand ; learning is restricted to combining predefined situations and tasks, based on detailed specifications provided by a human programmer. While the system may automatically improve performance in some limited domain, the domain itself is decided and defined by the programmer. Where Does Intelligence Come From? The evidence gathered so far on the nature of intelligence makes it highly unlikely that mind appears from a single or simple principle. Even a small set of key principles seems unlikely; after all, if it takes a myri of closely coordinated mechanisms for an automobile engine to run, why should a mind be any different? At the level of the brain a mind results from interaction among a vast amount of components, hooked up in complex, clever ways according to largely unknown principles. Although a mind might be constructed on different principles than neurons, the key operating principles responsible for producing human-like thought are still likely to count in the dozens if not hundreds. This means that if we want to build very smart machines, rivaling the human mind, we need to build more integrated and complete systems than achieved to date, demonstrating a large number of operating principles. The mind is a system , and my research to date indicates that its operation needs to be captured holistically to achieve truly intelligent machines. My approach has followed two main tritions in systems thinking. On the one hand is the familiar modular decomposition from cognitive science and software development. Modularization, object-orientation being one expression, is the most accepeted method at present to construct complex software systems by hand, including AI systems – what I call constructionist AI Unfortunately for the field of AI, this method has severe limitations in the size of the systems that can be built, but until recently there really wasn't a viable alternative available. There is now; keep reing. Have you ever seen a child take apart a favorite toy? Did you then see the little one cry after realizing he could not put all the pieces back together again? Well, here is a secret that never makes the helines: We have taken apart the universe and have no idea how to put it back together . After spending trillions of research dollars to dissasemble nature in the last century, we are just now acknowledging that we have no clue how to continue - except to take it apart further. — Albert-Lásló Barbasi Linked - The New Science of Networks (bold: KRTh) As the proponents of the holistic systems approach have pointed out (e.g. Varela, Maturana, Simon), many complex systems have the elusive property that local interactions between their parts are not sufficient to explain, understand or predict the operation of the whole system of which they are part. Software methodologies employing tritional modular decomposition will not be sufficient to allow us to construct such systems in the lab. If we are ever to see generally intelligent artificial systems we must look towards methodologies that more directly allow us to model and study complex phenomena, calling for an investigation of the principles of self-organization and meta-control. In short, we must employ methods that allow the system to develop on its own, through self-constructive principles. This is constructivist A.I. A new constructivist AI methodology was the subject of my 2009 AAAI Fall Symposium on Biologically-Inspired Cognitive Architectures keynote speech , and much of my writing in the past years, summarized in my transparently-titled paper From Manual Construction to Self-Constructive Systems: A New Constructivist AI (2012). ARCHITECTURES FOR GENERALITY & AUTONOMY EVALUATING GENERAL-PURPOSE AI [EGPAI] Constructivist AI Seed-GMI: Virtual Humans That Learn Complex Skills Through Observation and Self-Programming The manual construction process employed in standard software development wil not be sufficient to construct the kinds of complex architectures that we require for general intelligence can acquire their own knowledge and grow on their own, without the constant need for re-design. For this our focus must shift towards systems that can program themselves. Without self-programming principles in hand it is unlikely that we will we see systems with architecture-wide integration of learning, attention, analogy making and system growth – i.e. artificial general intelligence . For the past dece we have managed to take significan steps in this direction. Constructivist Papers Seed-Programmed Autonomous General Learning A New Constructivist AI: From Manual Construction to Self-Constructive Systems About Understanding Anytime Bounded Rationality Bounded Seed-AGI Autonomous Acquisition of Situated Natural Communication Bounded Recursive Self-Improvement Resource-Bounded Machines are Motivated to be Effective, Efficient & Curious A New Constructivist AI: From Manual Methods to Self-Constructive Systems Self-Programming: Operationalizing Autonomy Achieving Artificial General Intelligence Through Peewee Granularity Kristinn R. Thorisson Lecture, Artificial General Intelligence conference 2009. Holistic Intelligence: Transversal Skills & Current Methodologies Eric Nivel Lecture, Artificial General Intelligence conference 2009. Self-Programming: Operationalizing Autonomy ©Kristinn R. Thórisson Publications Patents | Media AWARDS WORRIED THAT AI WILL DESTROY HUMANITY? THEN RE THIS entertaning essay by Oren Etzioni DON'T WANT KILLER ROBOTS LURKING IN YOUR FUTURE ? IIIM's 2016 ETHICS POLICY FOR PEACFEFUL R&D MIRI INTERVIEW H+ MAGAZINE INTERVIEW Interview on Robotspodcast March 12 2010 (starts@3:50min) AGI talk, March 2009 Holistic Intelligence: Transversal Skills & Current Methodologies Proceedings Editor Artificial General Intelligence 2011 Among the top 25% most downloed eBooks in the Springer eBook Collection 2012 On Amazon Editorial Board Member Link for submissions Editorial Board Member LNCS Transactions on Computational Collective Intelligence Confere nce Organizer Intelligent Virtual Agents 2011 Member of IEEE Taskforce on Towards Human-like Intelligence Follow me on Acemia.edu Registered user since Tue 25 Sep 2018 Name: Kristinn R. Thórisson Bio: Kristinn R. Thórisson is Professor of Computer Science at Reykjavik University and Founding Director of the Icelandic Institute for Intelligent Machines, in Iceland. Having been doing AI research for 30 years, Kris has consulted for NASA, British Telecom, and HONDA Research Labs, and taught AI courses at Columbia University, Reykjavik U. and KTH. Kris and his team recently developed a new kind of self-improving self-programming AI that can learn complex tasks from scratch, such doing a TV-style interview with realtime speech and gesture. Kris is a two-time recipient of the Kurzweil Award for his work on artificial general intelligence. Country: Iceland Affiliation: Reykjavik University & Icelandic Institute for Intelligent Machines Contributions 2019 CREST Committee Member in Program Committee within the CREST-track Share x Sat 7 Dec 16:23 Intelligence is the foundation of all human activity. The pursuit of intelligent machines may be the most important endeavor humanity can undertake. My M.I.T. pages Kristinn R. Thórisson, Ph.D. thorisson ru.is Full Research Professor Department of Computer Science Reykjavik University Co-founder of CIA RU's AI Lab http://cia.ru.is Founding Director of the Icelandic Institute for Intelligent Machines IIIM introductory talk Co-Founder C o-founder of Rar Networks, Inc. , San Francisco (funded by Paul Allen's Vulcan Ventures), and inventor of the Twine technology (with Nova Spivack and Jim Wissner), the first large-scale Semantic Web site. Acquired by Evri in 2010. Paper describing the technology behind the Twine Semantic Web portal: [ PDF ] Either Way (Á annan veg, 2011) features synthpop I authored and recorded at age 17. The US remake, Prince Avalance , came out in January 2013. Alas, it does not use my music. But it's a fun movie. Marvin Minsky – In Memoriam A Lasting Inspiration People I Know Eric Nivel Pei Wang Jürgen Schmidhuber José Hernandés-Orallo Ben Goerzel Stacy Marsella Nova Spivack Hannes Högni Vilhjálmsson Yngvi Björnsson Thor List Katrín Elvarsdóttir Hrafn Thorri Thorisson Humanoid Cognitive Robotics I collaborated with the brilliant guys at Honda Research Institute USA and Communicative Machines in developing the Cogntive Map architecture which enables Honda ASIMO to play board games with kids. DW's Techtopia episode on 'Superintelligence' Featuring Kristinn R. Thórisson's AGI research Special Issue (2020) JOURNAL OF ARTIFICIAL GENERAL INTELLIGENCE (Ed.) On Defining Artificial Intelligence Fyrirlestur hjá deCODE Genetics (2017) Felst framtíð tölvunarfræði í gervigreind? (2021) Kris Thórisson – Towards True AI: Artificial General Intelligence (2014) General Machine Intelligence (GMI) My focus is on how a mind can be implemented in an artificial substrate – how we can build machines that think – and understand – the world around them. Natural intelligence is the result of multiple systems and subsystems, implementing complex information flow and control that produce learning, reasoning, intuition, attention, insight, creativity, and understanding. How can we implement such a system in a machine? Our artificial general intelligence (AGI) work focuses on how the architecture of a mind works as a whole. By building working, running models implemented in software we aim to both understand the mind and build a practical AGI system. To this end my team and I developed the AERA system. AERA demonstrates numerous operational features necessary to achieve AGI: Domain-independent learning , cumulative incremental learning , transfer learning , time-sensitive resource management , and life-long scalability . The system is currently being used by myself and my collaborators to study machine understanding , teaching methodologies for artificial learners, even the development of ethical values . You can re about AERA in my numerous publications — some of which have received best paper awards — and a 56-page technical report . Con - struct - iv - ist AI : Self-constructive artificial intelligence system with general knowledge acquisition and integration skills. Systems capable of architectural self-modification and self-directed growth; develop from a seed specification; capable of learning to perceive, think and act in a wide range of novel situations and domains and learning to perform a number of different tasks. Not to be confused with: Con - struct - ion - ist AI : Artificially intelligent manme system built by hand ; learning is restricted to combining predefined situations and tasks, based on detailed specifications provided by a human programmer. While the system may automatically improve performance in some limited domain, the domain itself is decided and defined by the programmer. Where Does Intelligence Come From? The evidence gathered so far on the nature of intelligence makes it highly unlikely that mind appears from a single or simple principle. Even a small set of key principles seems unlikely; after all, if it takes a myri of closely coordinated mechanisms for an automobile engine to run, why should a mind be any different? At the level of the brain a mind results from interaction among a vast amount of components, hooked up in complex, clever ways according to largely unknown principles. Although a mind might be constructed on different principles than neurons, the key operating principles responsible for producing human-like thought are still likely to count in the dozens if not hundreds. This means that if we want to build very smart machines, rivaling the human mind, we need to build more integrated and complete systems than achieved to date, demonstrating a large number of operating principles. The mind is a system , and my research to date indicates that its operation needs to be captured holistically to achieve truly intelligent machines. My approach has followed two main tritions in systems thinking. On the one hand is the familiar modular decomposition from cognitive science and software development. Modularization, object-orientation being one expression, is the most accepeted method at present to construct complex software systems by hand, including AI systems – what I call constructionist AI Unfortunately for the field of AI, this method has severe limitations in the size of the systems that can be built, but until recently there really wasn't a viable alternative available. There is now; keep reing. Have you ever seen a child take apart a favorite toy? Did you then see the little one cry after realizing he could not put all the pieces back together again? Well, here is a secret that never makes the helines: We have taken apart the universe and have no idea how to put it back together . After spending trillions of research dollars to dissasemble nature in the last century, we are just now acknowledging that we have no clue how to continue - except to take it apart further. — Albert-Lásló Barbasi Linked - The New Science of Networks (bold: KRTh) As the proponents of the holistic systems approach have pointed out (e.g. Varela, Maturana, Simon), many complex systems have the elusive property that local interactions between their parts are not sufficient to explain, understand or predict the operation of the whole system of which they are part. Software methodologies employing tritional modular decomposition will not be sufficient to allow us to construct such systems in the lab. If we are ever to see generally intelligent artificial systems we must look towards methodologies that more directly allow us to model and study complex phenomena, calling for an investigation of the principles of self-organization and meta-control. In short, we must employ methods that allow the system to develop on its own, through self-constructive principles. This is constructivist A.I. A new constructivist AI methodology was the subject of my 2009 AAAI Fall Symposium on Biologically-Inspired Cognitive Architectures keynote speech , and much of my writing in the past years, summarized in my transparently-titled paper From Manual Construction to Self-Constructive Systems: A New Constructivist AI (2012). ARCHITECTURES FOR GENERALITY & AUTONOMY EVALUATING GENERAL-PURPOSE AI [EGPAI] Constructivist AI Seed-GMI: Virtual Humans That Learn Complex Skills Through Observation and Self-Programming The manual construction process employed in standard software development wil not be sufficient to construct the kinds of complex architectures that we require for general intelligence can acquire their own knowledge and grow on their own, without the constant need for re-design. For this our focus must shift towards systems that can program themselves. Without self-programming principles in hand it is unlikely that we will we see systems with architecture-wide integration of learning, attention, analogy making and system growth – i.e. artificial general intelligence . For the past dece we have managed to take significan steps in this direction. Constructivist Papers Seed-Programmed Autonomous General Learning A New Constructivist AI: From Manual Construction to Self-Constructive Systems About Understanding Anytime Bounded Rationality Bounded Seed-AGI Autonomous Acquisition of Situated Natural Communication Bounded Recursive Self-Improvement Resource-Bounded Machines are Motivated to be Effective, Efficient & Curious A New Constructivist AI: From Manual Methods to Self-Constructive Systems Self-Programming: Operationalizing Autonomy Achieving Artificial General Intelligence Through Peewee Granularity Kristinn R. Thorisson Lecture, Artificial General Intelligence conference 2009. Holistic Intelligence: Transversal Skills & Current Methodologies Eric Nivel Lecture, Artificial General Intelligence conference 2009. Self-Programming: Operationalizing Autonomy ©Kristinn R. Thórisson Publications Patents | Media AWARDS WORRIED THAT AI WILL DESTROY HUMANITY? THEN RE THIS entertaning essay by Oren Etzioni DON'T WANT KILLER ROBOTS LURKING IN YOUR FUTURE ? IIIM's 2016 ETHICS POLICY FOR PEACFEFUL R&D MIRI INTERVIEW H+ MAGAZINE INTERVIEW Interview on Robotspodcast March 12 2010 (starts@3:50min) AGI talk, March 2009 Holistic Intelligence: Transversal Skills & Current Methodologies Proceedings Editor Artificial General Intelligence 2011 Among the top 25% most downloed eBooks in the Springer eBook Collection 2012 On Amazon Editorial Board Member Link for submissions Editorial Board Member LNCS Transactions on Computational Collective Intelligence Confere nce Organizer Intelligent Virtual Agents 2011 Member of IEEE Taskforce on Towards Human-like Intelligence Follow me on Acemia.edu LinkedIn and 3rd parties use essential and non-essential cookies to provide, secure, analyze and improve our Services, and to show you relevant (including professional and job ) on and off LinkedIn. Learn more in our Cookie Policy . Select Accept to consent or Reject to decline non-essential cookies for this use. You can update your choices at any time in your settings . Accept Reject Agree & Join LinkedIn By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , , and Cookie Policy . Skip to main content Kristinn R. Thórisson’s Post Kristinn R. Thórisson Professor of Computer Science, Reykjavik University 1y Icelandic Institute for Intelligent Machines 589 followers 1y CISCO DEBUTS NEW SYSTEM CAPABLE OF CUMULATIVE LEARNING – ‘A NEW DAWN IN VIDEO ANALYTICS’ In tritional image analytics, each frame – whether a photo or a frame from a video – is analyzed in a single pass. If more analysis is desired or needed, incorrect classifications were me, or important details missed, so be it. Not so in the revolutionary new computer vision system that Cisco Systems, in collaboration with IIIM and other acemic and industry collaborators, plans to release as open-source software in the coming days. https://lnkd.in/giysGDCf https://www.iiim.is/ https://lnkd.in/gUUrJZG5 https://lnkd.in/gv7J-3_A #ethosight #cisco #iiim #AI #computervision #cumulativelearning 19 Like Comment Share Copy LinkedIn Facebook Twitter To view or d a comment, sign in 841 followers 39 Posts 1 Article View Profile Connect More from this author Keynote @ AiBoost Kristinn R. Thórisson 3y Explore topics Sales Marketing IT Services Business ministration HR Management Engineering Soft Skills See All Create your free account or sign in to continue your search Sign in Welcome back Email or phone Password Show Forgot password? Sign in or By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , , and Cookie Policy . New to LinkedIn? Join now or New to LinkedIn? Join now By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , , and Cookie Policy . LinkedIn and 3rd parties use essential and non-essential cookies to provide, secure, analyze and improve our Services, and to show you relevant (including professional and job ) on and off LinkedIn. Learn more in our Cookie Policy . Select Accept to consent or Reject to decline non-essential cookies for this use. You can update your choices at any time in your settings . Accept Reject Agree & Join LinkedIn By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , , and Cookie Policy . Skip to main content Kristinn R. Thórisson’s Post Kristinn R. Thórisson Professor of Computer Science, Reykjavik University 6mo Edited Really cool to be part of this issue of the German MIT Tech Review on general machine intelligence. Icelandic Institute for Intelligent Machines 589 followers 7mo ARE SUPER-INTELLIGENT MACHINES COMING? DR. KRISTINN R. THÓRISSON IN MIT TECH REVIEW "True understanding comes from interaction and experimentation" explains Thórisson in the most recent German issue of the renowned MIT Technology Review. The interview sheds light on the inner workings of the Autocatalytic Endogenous Reflective Architecture (AERA), his team's AGI-aspiring system. AERA autonomously evolves from a "seed" planted by the designer and alrey shows impressive results transferring knowledge between different tasks, without the help of tritional ML/RL. Could such an architecture break through the barrier between AI and AGI? What are the future implications of developing such a system? Find out more in the full article below: https://lnkd.in/dnQEys4t 14 Like Comment Share Copy LinkedIn Facebook Twitter To view or d a comment, sign in More Relevant Posts Icelandic Institute for Intelligent Machines 589 followers 7mo ARE SUPER-INTELLIGENT MACHINES COMING? DR. KRISTINN R. THÓRISSON IN MIT TECH REVIEW "True understanding comes from interaction and experimentation" explains Thórisson in the most recent German issue of the renowned MIT Technology Review. The interview sheds light on the inner workings of the Autocatalytic Endogenous Reflective Architecture (AERA), his team's AGI-aspiring system. AERA autonomously evolves from a "seed" planted by the designer and alrey shows impressive results transferring knowledge between different tasks, without the help of tritional ML/RL. Could such an architecture break through the barrier between AI and AGI? What are the future implications of developing such a system? Find out more in the full article below: https://lnkd.in/dnQEys4t 14 Like Comment Share Copy LinkedIn Facebook Twitter To view or d a comment, sign in Hamid Mujtaba Shaping the Future of AI | Data Science Gruate with a Focus on Generative Models 2mo 🚀 Exploring the RAG Architecture Model: A Deep Dive into Modern AI 🧠 Curious about how retrieval-augmented generation (RAG) is shaping the future of AI? In my latest article, I break down this powerful model and its role in enhancing language models with real-time, dynamic knowledge retrieval. #AI #MachineLearning #RAG #GenerativeAI #DeepLearning #ArtificialIntelligence #DataScience #LLMs 4 Like Comment Share Copy LinkedIn Facebook Twitter To view or d a comment, sign in Jason Goldsmith 8mo This free guide for A&E firms breaks down the basics and dives into how you can apply AI technology to your day-to-day work. https://lnkd.in/eWr75iD7 Like Comment Share Copy LinkedIn Facebook Twitter To view or d a comment, sign in Michael Heinsdorf, PE Sr. Director of Product Alliances and Corporate Development @ Deltek | Business Development | Fintech | BI & FP&A | Competitive Sailor 7mo This free guide for A&E firms breaks down the basics and dives into how you can apply AI technology to your day-to-day work. https://lnkd.in/eDx_TnAs 2 Like Comment Share Copy LinkedIn Facebook Twitter To view or d a comment, sign in Generative AI Belgium 826 followers 2w 🚨Speaker Alert - Generative AI Belgium - Sven Degroote 🚨 Join us on December 4th in Ghent: https://lnkd.in/e2kXshqk 🤖 Who is Sven ? CTO and co-founder at uman . 🎙️About the Talk: The RAG architecture has been widely opted and used for building genAI systems. In this talk we will discuss some of the imperfections of this architecture and question ourselves if we really need RAG to solve our chat use case at uman. We will outline an alternative, simple approach that has resulted in better results for our specific use case. 13 1 Comment Like Comment Share Copy LinkedIn Facebook Twitter To view or d a comment, sign in Megan Miller, CPSM Director, Product Marketing at Deltek 7mo This free guide for A&E firms breaks down the basics and dives into how you can apply AI technology to your day-to-day work. https://lnkd.in/g2A7pfh7 2 Like Comment Share Copy LinkedIn Facebook Twitter To view or d a comment, sign in Neil Davidson Group Vice President | Professional Services Sector 8mo This free guide for A&E firms breaks down the basics and dives into how you can apply AI technology to your day-to-day work. https://lnkd.in/dETArNrC 4 Like Comment Share Copy LinkedIn Facebook Twitter To view or d a comment, sign in Brley Redman Regional Sales Manager @ Deltek | Empathetic Sales Professional | GirlD 9mo This free guide for A&E firms breaks down the basics and dives into how you can apply AI technology to your day-to-day work. https://lnkd.in/egFVGt95 Like Comment Share Copy LinkedIn Facebook Twitter To view or d a comment, sign in PLP Architecture 29,548 followers 6mo We go behind the scenes of the first round of our AI Image competition to dissect the image generation process, explore the opportunities for AI in our workflow, and critically examine the role of humans in all of this. kai Nishimura , one of our contestants, talks to us about how he used a combination of different AI tools - including ChatGPT and Midjourney - to respond to the architectural brief he was given. Get the full insight on our website: https://lnkd.in/ekrjrf2a #ai #midjourney #chatgpt 13 Like Comment Share Copy LinkedIn Facebook Twitter To view or d a comment, sign in Selen Çiçek Ph.D student @ ITU architectural design computing | Machine Learning & AI in design education 8mo Edited Thrilled to share our latest research developed with Lale Basarir and Mustafa Koc , "Local Intelligence: Time to learn from AI," now published in Architectural Science Review (Q1)! 📚🏛️ https://lnkd.in/di4vq3TQ Our hypothesis introduces the Local Intelligence (LI) framework—a web of networks connecting diverse architectural knowledge. We propose that vernacular architecture's tacit wisdom parallels the implicit knowledge of folklore music, particularly when the designer and user are one—the local community. With our 'music2architecture' – 'architecture2music' AI model, we suggest that sharing local contexts may reveal hidden patterns of wisdom. #AIinArchitecture #LocalIntelligence #ArchitecturalScienceReview 39 Like Comment Share Copy LinkedIn Facebook Twitter To view or d a comment, sign in 841 followers 39 Posts 1 Article View Profile Connect More from this author Keynote @ AiBoost Kristinn R. Thórisson 3y Explore topics Sales Marketing IT Services Business ministration HR Management Engineering Soft Skills See All Create your free account or sign in to continue your search Sign in Welcome back Email or phone Password Show Forgot password? Sign in or By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , , and Cookie Policy . New to LinkedIn? Join now or New to LinkedIn? Join now By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , , and Cookie Policy . ... Die Verwendung von Cookies durch Facebook in diesem Browser erlauben? Wir verwenden Cookies und ähnliche Technologien, um Inhalte in Meta-Produkten bereitzustellen und zu verbessern. Darüber hinaus verwenden wir sie, um mithilfe der durch Cookies auf und außerhalb von Facebook empfangenen Informationen die Sicherheit zu verbessern sowie um Meta-Produkte für Personen, die ein Konto haben, bereitzustellen und zu verbessern. Erforderliche Cookies: Diese Cookies sind notwendig für die Nutzung von Meta-Produkten und die ordnungsgemäße Funktion unserer Websites. Cookies anderer Unternehmen: Wir verwenden diese Cookies, um dir Werbeanzeigen außerhalb von Meta-Produkten zu zeigen und Funktionen wie Karten oder Videos in Meta-Produkten anbieten zu können. Hierbei handelt es sich um optionale Cookies. Du bestimmst, welche optionalen Cookies wir verwenden dürfen. In unserer Cookie-Richtlinie erfährst du mehr über Cookies und wie wir sie verwenden. Dort kannst du deine Auswahl außerdem jederzeit überprüfen oder ändern. Infos zu Cookies Was sind Cookies? Cookies sind kleine Textdateien, die zum Speichern und Empfangen von Kennungen in einem Webbrowser verwendet werden. Wir verwenden Cookies und ähnliche Technologien, um Meta-Produkte anzubieten und um Informationen, die wir über Nutzer erhalten, etwa zu ihren Aktivitäten auf anderen Websites und in anderen Apps, nachvollziehen zu können. Solltest du kein Konto haben, verwenden wir keine Cookies, um Werbeanzeigen für dich zu personalisieren. Informationen zu deinen Aktivitäten, die wir erhalten, verwenden wir lediglich für die Sicherheit und Integrität unserer Produkte. In unserer Cookie-Richtlinie erfährst du mehr über Cookies und wie wir sie verwenden. Warum verwenden wir Cookies? Mithilfe von Cookies können wir die Meta-Produkte anbieten, schützen und optimieren, beispielsweise indem wir Inhalte personalisieren, Werbeanzeigen individuell zuschneiden und ihre Performance messen, sowie ein sichereres Nutzungserlebnis ermöglichen. Welche Cookies wir verwenden, kann sich aufgrund von Optimierungen und Aktualisierungen der Meta-Produkte von Zeit zu Zeit ändern. Unabhängig davon verwenden wir Cookies zu folgenden Zwecken: Zur Authentifizierung, damit Nutzer angemeldet bleiben können Um Sicherheit sowie Website- und Produktintegrität gewährleisten zu können Um Werbung, Empfehlungen, Insights und Messungen zur Verfügung stellen zu können, sofern wir dir Werbung zeigen Um Websitefunktionen und -dienste anbieten zu können Um die Performance unserer Produkte nachvollziehen zu können Um Analysen und Forschung zu ermöglichen Auf Websites und in Apps Dritter, um Unternehmen, die Meta-Technologien nutzen, zu ermöglichen, Informationen zu Aktivitäten in ihren Apps und auf ihren Websites mit uns zu teilen. In unserer Cookie-Richtlinie erfährst du mehr über Cookies und wie wir sie verwenden. Was sind Meta-Produkte? Zu den Meta-Produkten zählen die Facebook-, Instagram- und Messenger-App sowie weitere in unserer Datenschutzrichtlinie aufgeführten Funktionen, Apps, Technologien, Software oder Dienste, die Meta anbietet. Weitere Infos zu Meta-Produkten findest du in unserer Datenschutzrichtlinie . Deine Cookie-Auswahl Du kannst bestimmen, inwiefern wir optionale Cookies verwenden dürfen: Mithilfe unserer Cookies in Apps und auf Websites anderer Unternehmen, die Meta-Technologien wie den „Gefällt mir“-Button oder das Meta-Pixel nutzen, können wir Werbung für dich personalisieren, sofern wir dir Werbung zeigen. Wir verwenden Cookies anderer Unternehmen, um dir Werbeanzeigen außerhalb von Meta-Produkten zu zeigen und Funktionen wie Karten oder Videos in Meta-Produkten anbieten zu können. Du kannst diese Auswahl jederzeit in deinen Cookie-Einstellungen einsehen oder ändern. Cookies anderer Unternehmen Wir verwenden Cookies anderer Unternehmen , um dir Werbeanzeigen außerhalb von unseren Produkten zu zeigen und Funktionen wie Karten, Zahlungsdienste oder Videos anbieten zu können. So verwenden wir diese Cookies Wir verwenden Cookies anderer Unternehmen in unseren Produkten für Folgendes: Um dir Werbeanzeigen für unsere Produkte und Features in den Apps und auf den Websites anderer Unternehmen zu zeigen Um in unseren Produkten Funktionen wie Karten, Zahlungsdienste und Videos anbieten zu können. Zu Analysezwecken Wenn du diese Cookies erlaubst: Hat das keine Auswirkungen auf Funktionen, die du in Meta-Produkten nutzt Können wir Werbeanzeigen außerhalb von Meta-Produkten besser für dich personalisieren und deren Performance messen Erhalten andere Unternehmen mithilfe ihrer Cookies Informationen über dich Wenn du diese Cookies nicht erlaubst: Funktionieren manche Features unserer Produkte möglicherweise nicht Verwenden wir keine Cookies anderer Unternehmen, um Werbeanzeigen außerhalb von Meta-Produkten für dich zu personalisieren oder um deren Performance zu messen Andere Möglichkeiten, um deine Informationen zu kontrollieren Personalisiere dein Werbeerlebnis in der Kontenübersicht Du kannst dein Werbeerlebnis über folgende Einstellungen personalisieren. Werbepräferenzen In deinen Werbepräferenzen kannst du festlegen, ob wir dir Werbung zeigen sollen, und auswählen, welche Informationen wir dafür verwenden dürfen. Einstellungen für Werbung Wenn wir dir Werbung zeigen, verwenden wir Informationen, die Werbetreibende und andere Partner uns zu deinen Aktivitäten außerhalb von Produkten der Meta-Unternehmen, zum Beispiel auf deren Websites und Apps, bereitstellen, um dir bessere Werbung zeigen zu können. In deinen Einstellungen für Werbung kannst du festlegen, ob wir diese Informationen verwenden dürfen, um dir Werbung zu zeigen. Weitere Informationen zu Onlinewerbung Wenn du keine interessenbasierten Online-Werbeanzeigen von Meta und anderen teilnehmenden Unternehmen mehr sehen möchtest, kannst du dich über die Digital vertising Alliance (USA), die Digital vertising Alliance of Cana (Kana), die European Interactive Digital vertising Alliance (Europa) oder über die Einstellungen deines Smartphones (wenn du Android, iOS 13 oder eine frühere Version von iOS verwendest) davon abmelden. Bitte beachte, dass Werbeblocker und Tools, die die Verwendung von Cookies durch uns einschränken, diese Einstellungen beeinträchtigen könnten. Die Werbeunternehmen, mit denen wir zusammenarbeiten, verwenden üblicherweise Cookies und ähnliche Technologien im Rahmen ihrer Services. Mehr dazu, wie Werbetreibende Cookies verwenden und welche Optionen sie anbieten, findest du in den folgenden Ressourcen: Digital vertising Alliance Digital vertising Alliance of Cana European Interactive Digital vertising Alliance Cookies über die Browser-Einstellungen kontrollieren In den Einstellungen deines Browsers oder Geräts kannst du möglicherweise auswählen, ob Browser-Cookies akzeptiert oder gelöscht werden sollen. Diese Einstellungen unterscheiden sich je nach Browser. Hersteller können sowohl die verfügbaren Einstellungen als auch deren Funktionsweise jederzeit ändern. Ab dem 5. Oktober 2020 findest du über die nachstehenden Links zusätzliche Informationen zu Einstellungsoptionen der beliebtesten Browser. Wenn du Browser-Cookies deaktivierst, funktionieren bestimmte Teilbereiche von Meta-Produkten möglicherweise nicht einwandfrei. Bitte beachte, dass sich diese Einstellungen von den Facebook-Einstellungen unterscheiden. Google Chrome Internet Explorer Firefox Safari Safari (Mobilgeräte) Opera Optionale Cookies ablehnen Alle Cookies erlauben ... Die Verwendung von Cookies durch Facebook in diesem Browser erlauben? Wir verwenden Cookies und ähnliche Technologien, um Inhalte in Meta-Produkten bereitzustellen und zu verbessern. Darüber hinaus verwenden wir sie, um mithilfe der durch Cookies auf und außerhalb von Facebook empfangenen Informationen die Sicherheit zu verbessern sowie um Meta-Produkte für Personen, die ein Konto haben, bereitzustellen und zu verbessern. Erforderliche Cookies: Diese Cookies sind notwendig für die Nutzung von Meta-Produkten und die ordnungsgemäße Funktion unserer Websites. Cookies anderer Unternehmen: Wir verwenden diese Cookies, um dir Werbeanzeigen außerhalb von Meta-Produkten zu zeigen und Funktionen wie Karten oder Videos in Meta-Produkten anbieten zu können. Hierbei handelt es sich um optionale Cookies. Du bestimmst, welche optionalen Cookies wir verwenden dürfen. In unserer Cookie-Richtlinie erfährst du mehr über Cookies und wie wir sie verwenden. Dort kannst du deine Auswahl außerdem jederzeit überprüfen oder ändern. Infos zu Cookies Was sind Cookies? Cookies sind kleine Textdateien, die zum Speichern und Empfangen von Kennungen in einem Webbrowser verwendet werden. Wir verwenden Cookies und ähnliche Technologien, um Meta-Produkte anzubieten und um Informationen, die wir über Nutzer erhalten, etwa zu ihren Aktivitäten auf anderen Websites und in anderen Apps, nachvollziehen zu können. Solltest du kein Konto haben, verwenden wir keine Cookies, um Werbeanzeigen für dich zu personalisieren. Informationen zu deinen Aktivitäten, die wir erhalten, verwenden wir lediglich für die Sicherheit und Integrität unserer Produkte. In unserer Cookie-Richtlinie erfährst du mehr über Cookies und wie wir sie verwenden. Warum verwenden wir Cookies? Mithilfe von Cookies können wir die Meta-Produkte anbieten, schützen und optimieren, beispielsweise indem wir Inhalte personalisieren, Werbeanzeigen individuell zuschneiden und ihre Performance messen, sowie ein sichereres Nutzungserlebnis ermöglichen. Welche Cookies wir verwenden, kann sich aufgrund von Optimierungen und Aktualisierungen der Meta-Produkte von Zeit zu Zeit ändern. Unabhängig davon verwenden wir Cookies zu folgenden Zwecken: Zur Authentifizierung, damit Nutzer angemeldet bleiben können Um Sicherheit sowie Website- und Produktintegrität gewährleisten zu können Um Werbung, Empfehlungen, Insights und Messungen zur Verfügung stellen zu können, sofern wir dir Werbung zeigen Um Websitefunktionen und -dienste anbieten zu können Um die Performance unserer Produkte nachvollziehen zu können Um Analysen und Forschung zu ermöglichen Auf Websites und in Apps Dritter, um Unternehmen, die Meta-Technologien nutzen, zu ermöglichen, Informationen zu Aktivitäten in ihren Apps und auf ihren Websites mit uns zu teilen. In unserer Cookie-Richtlinie erfährst du mehr über Cookies und wie wir sie verwenden. Was sind Meta-Produkte? Zu den Meta-Produkten zählen die Facebook-, Instagram- und Messenger-App sowie weitere in unserer Datenschutzrichtlinie aufgeführten Funktionen, Apps, Technologien, Software oder Dienste, die Meta anbietet. Weitere Infos zu Meta-Produkten findest du in unserer Datenschutzrichtlinie . Deine Cookie-Auswahl Du kannst bestimmen, inwiefern wir optionale Cookies verwenden dürfen: Mithilfe unserer Cookies in Apps und auf Websites anderer Unternehmen, die Meta-Technologien wie den „Gefällt mir“-Button oder das Meta-Pixel nutzen, können wir Werbung für dich personalisieren, sofern wir dir Werbung zeigen. Wir verwenden Cookies anderer Unternehmen, um dir Werbeanzeigen außerhalb von Meta-Produkten zu zeigen und Funktionen wie Karten oder Videos in Meta-Produkten anbieten zu können. Du kannst diese Auswahl jederzeit in deinen Cookie-Einstellungen einsehen oder ändern. Cookies anderer Unternehmen Wir verwenden Cookies anderer Unternehmen , um dir Werbeanzeigen außerhalb von unseren Produkten zu zeigen und Funktionen wie Karten, Zahlungsdienste oder Videos anbieten zu können. So verwenden wir diese Cookies Wir verwenden Cookies anderer Unternehmen in unseren Produkten für Folgendes: Um dir Werbeanzeigen für unsere Produkte und Features in den Apps und auf den Websites anderer Unternehmen zu zeigen Um in unseren Produkten Funktionen wie Karten, Zahlungsdienste und Videos anbieten zu können. Zu Analysezwecken Wenn du diese Cookies erlaubst: Hat das keine Auswirkungen auf Funktionen, die du in Meta-Produkten nutzt Können wir Werbeanzeigen außerhalb von Meta-Produkten besser für dich personalisieren und deren Performance messen Erhalten andere Unternehmen mithilfe ihrer Cookies Informationen über dich Wenn du diese Cookies nicht erlaubst: Funktionieren manche Features unserer Produkte möglicherweise nicht Verwenden wir keine Cookies anderer Unternehmen, um Werbeanzeigen außerhalb von Meta-Produkten für dich zu personalisieren oder um deren Performance zu messen Andere Möglichkeiten, um deine Informationen zu kontrollieren Personalisiere dein Werbeerlebnis in der Kontenübersicht Du kannst dein Werbeerlebnis über folgende Einstellungen personalisieren. Werbepräferenzen In deinen Werbepräferenzen kannst du festlegen, ob wir dir Werbung zeigen sollen, und auswählen, welche Informationen wir dafür verwenden dürfen. Einstellungen für Werbung Wenn wir dir Werbung zeigen, verwenden wir Informationen, die Werbetreibende und andere Partner uns zu deinen Aktivitäten außerhalb von Produkten der Meta-Unternehmen, zum Beispiel auf deren Websites und Apps, bereitstellen, um dir bessere Werbung zeigen zu können. In deinen Einstellungen für Werbung kannst du festlegen, ob wir diese Informationen verwenden dürfen, um dir Werbung zu zeigen. Weitere Informationen zu Onlinewerbung Wenn du keine interessenbasierten Online-Werbeanzeigen von Meta und anderen teilnehmenden Unternehmen mehr sehen möchtest, kannst du dich über die Digital vertising Alliance (USA), die Digital vertising Alliance of Cana (Kana), die European Interactive Digital vertising Alliance (Europa) oder über die Einstellungen deines Smartphones (wenn du Android, iOS 13 oder eine frühere Version von iOS verwendest) davon abmelden. Bitte beachte, dass Werbeblocker und Tools, die die Verwendung von Cookies durch uns einschränken, diese Einstellungen beeinträchtigen könnten. Die Werbeunternehmen, mit denen wir zusammenarbeiten, verwenden üblicherweise Cookies und ähnliche Technologien im Rahmen ihrer Services. Mehr dazu, wie Werbetreibende Cookies verwenden und welche Optionen sie anbieten, findest du in den folgenden Ressourcen: Digital vertising Alliance Digital vertising Alliance of Cana European Interactive Digital vertising Alliance Cookies über die Browser-Einstellungen kontrollieren In den Einstellungen deines Browsers oder Geräts kannst du möglicherweise auswählen, ob Browser-Cookies akzeptiert oder gelöscht werden sollen. Diese Einstellungen unterscheiden sich je nach Browser. Hersteller können sowohl die verfügbaren Einstellungen als auch deren Funktionsweise jederzeit ändern. Ab dem 5. Oktober 2020 findest du über die nachstehenden Links zusätzliche Informationen zu Einstellungsoptionen der beliebtesten Browser. Wenn du Browser-Cookies deaktivierst, funktionieren bestimmte Teilbereiche von Meta-Produkten möglicherweise nicht einwandfrei. Bitte beachte, dass sich diese Einstellungen von den Facebook-Einstellungen unterscheiden. Google Chrome Internet Explorer Firefox Safari Safari (Mobilgeräte) Opera Optionale Cookies ablehnen Alle Cookies erlauben Home About IIIM People Jobs Contact Log in Staff Director Dr. Kristinn R. Thórisson has been researching artificial intelligence for two deces, in acemia and industry. His research centers on realtime interactive intelligences, complex cognitive systems and mind models. At MIT he pioneered new ideas in the area of communicative, multimodal intelligent agents. Recent projects include developing a cognitive architecture for the humanoid robot ASIMO by Honda Motor Corporation. He is the co-founder of CIA , Iceland's first AI lab, and Rar Networks , a Semantic Web company in San Francisco. He has taught vanced AI courses at Columbia University, KTH and Reykjavik University, and consulted for NASA and British Telecom, among others. Kris has authored numerous scientific papers and sits on the editorial board of the Journal of Artificial General Intelligence and the LNCS Transactions on Computational Collective Intelligence. MIT website Reykjavik University website Associate Director Dr. Stacy Marsella has been a Research Associate Professor of Computer Science at the University of Southern California, Associate Director for Social Simulation Research at the Institute of Creative Technologies and Co-Director of the USC Computational Emotion Group . He le projects on virtual humans, social simulation, interactive drama, emotions and theory of mind. USC website He of External Relations Heida K. Helgóttir has held numerous coordination and leership positions. She was He of Public Relations for the City of Reykjavik's Peer Educations Program and a Coordinator at Reykjavik University's International Office. She has participated in several public speaking competitions and received awards of excellence for her performance. She has organized several public events including Man of the Year Award Ceremony for a national business publication and many other award ceremonies and conventions, as well as managed political campaigns. Heida Kristín holds a B.A. in Political Science from the University of Iceland. visory Board Dr. Rosalind Picard , Professor, Massachusetts Institute of Technology Media Laboratory. She has served on dozens of international science committees and recently chaired the National Science Foundations Committee of Visitors for the Information and Intelligent Systems Division. She has also worked as a consultant for companies such as Apple, AT&T, BT, HP, iRobot, and Motorola. Dr. Jörg Siekmann , Co-Founder & Scientific Director, German Research Center for Artificial Intelligence (DFKI). Dr. Siekmann was a founding Chairman of the German AI Society, a Fellow of the German Computer Science Society (GI), Chairman of the Collaborative Research Centre on Resource-Bounded Cognitive Processes, among others. Dr. Ipke Wachsmuth , Director, Center for Interdisciplinary Research (ZiF); Chair, Artificial Intelligence, University of Bielefeld. Dr. Wachsmuth has a strong multidisciplinary publications in several fields, including cognitive learning research, intelligent tutoring systems, virtual reality and multimodal interaction. He is former president of the German Cognitive Science Society and is co-director of the Collaborative Research Center “Alignment in Communication.” Dr. Finnur Oddsson , Managing Director, Iceland Chamber of Commerce. Dr. Oddsson works with many of Iceland's largest organizations, public and private, in various capacities. Prior to his current post he was Director of MBA Programs at Reykjavik University, and Director of Executive Education and Assistant Professors. Dr. Eythor Ivar Jonsson , DBA, CEO of Klak, Reykjavik, Iceland, directs one of he primary incubation outfits in Iceland. Before joining Klak he held an Associate Professor position at Copenhagen Business School. He is Chairman of the Board of over a dozen Danish companies. Registered user since Tue 25 Sep 2018 Name: Kristinn R. Thórisson Bio: Kristinn R. Thórisson is Professor of Computer Science at Reykjavik University and Founding Director of the Icelandic Institute for Intelligent Machines, in Iceland. Having been doing AI research for 30 years, Kris has consulted for NASA, British Telecom, and HONDA Research Labs, and taught AI courses at Columbia University, Reykjavik U. and KTH. Kris and his team recently developed a new kind of self-improving self-programming AI that can learn complex tasks from scratch, such doing a TV-style interview with realtime speech and gesture. Kris is a two-time recipient of the Kurzweil Award for his work on artificial general intelligence. Country: Iceland Affiliation: Reykjavik University & Icelandic Institute for Intelligent Machines Contributions 2019 CREST Committee Member in Program Committee within the CREST-track Share x Sat 7 Dec 16:23 Menu Faculty and staff Studies Why RU? Find a course Course catalogue Undergruate Gruate PhD Open University Preliminary studies Exchange students Studying at RU Acemic calendar Season 2021 -2022 Season 2022 -2023 Season 2023 -2024 Season 2024-2025 Apply mission requirements Dates and delines How to apply Apply online Tuition fees Scholarships and awards Schools School of Technology Department of Computer Science Undergruate BSc Computer Science bsc-computer-science-with-business BSc Software Engineering BSc Discrete Mathematics and Computer Science Diploma in Applied Computing Gruate MSc Computer Science MSc Software Engineering MSc in Artificial Intelligence and Language Technology MSc Data Science MSc in Digital Health PhD Programme structure Rules and Learning Outcomes PhD Positions Thesis Thesis Template Tuition PhD positions PhD ministration and contact Student Information Rules for gruate studies programmes Recognition of Previous Studies Uploing your thesis into Skemman Electives Thesis Thesis Template Learning Outcomes Course Catalogue About Department of Engineering Undergruate BSc Engineering Gruate MSc Biomedical Engineering MSc Engineering Management MSc Financial Engineering MSc Mechanical Engineering MSc Mechatronic Engineering Iceland School of Energy MPM PhD About Department of Applied Engineering Undergruate study BSc Applied Engineering Diploma in Technology BSc Construction Architecture About Student Information School of Social Sciences Department of Business and Economics Undergruate BSc Business ministration BSc Economics Diploma in Marine Bio Innovation Summer School: Leing Creativity and Innovation in Entrepreneurial Organizations Gruate Accounting and Auditing Business Management Business Management with emphasis on Tourism and Hospitality Management Corporate Finance Marketing Human Resource Management and Organizational Psychology Innovation Management Digital Management and Data Analysis Emphasis on Innovation and Entrepreneurship MBA PhD Research Center of Financial Technology Partners Lectures / Workshops Team Research Projects FinTech Seminar The Center for Research on Innovation and Entrepreneurship Longitudinal research on new firms Stagelt Black Box Reinvent The Research Center on HRM CRMC Projects Team Research Collaboration Publications Information for current students Rules About Faculty Department of Psychology Undergruate BSc Psychology Gruate Clinical Psychology MSc Applied Behaviour Analysis PhD Information for current students About Evaluation and Transfer of Credit Department of Sport Science Undergruate BSc Sport Science Gruate MEd Sports science and Education Sports Science MSc Micro-Credential in Performance Analysis Micro-Credential in Sports Psychology Student Information Department of Law Undergruate BA in Law BA in Law with Business Minor Gruate ML in Law PhD Rules (PDF) Learning Outcomes (PDF) Research Publications Research Research Council Research Reports DOMAC Student Information Former studies evaluation BA Thesis Progress Rules Gruate Study Class Schedules ML Thesis Gruate Study Progress of Studies and Evaluation Exchange Programme Courses in English About Professors Councils Contact Services Starting at RU Practical information Visa information Student support Disability services Self help Student union Campus Campus photos Location Facilities Library International office Study Abro Opportunities for RU Students Exchange programme application process - Outgoing students Partner universities International Staff Week Practical Information Extra Activities International Projects Erasmus Policy Statement Doctoral Students and Erasmus+ Student housing Technical support Intraweb RU Web Mail Communications Research Acemic strength Strategy Research Council Quality assurance system in research Find a researcher Research units Publications Department of Law Department of Computer Science Department of Business ministration Department of Engineering RU Research Services ditional resources Rules on doctoral studies Available masters and doctoral projects RU Research Fund Rules on Reykjavík University Research Fund RU Infrastructure Fund Collaboration Companies Innovation in teaching and research Current collaborations Access to inventions and technologies Sector and cluster development Continuous and executive education Further information Students Student projects Internships Career days Highered Innovation Technology transfer Spin-offs Entrepreneurship International Strategic partnership Primary and upper secondary schools Primary schools Upper secondary schools Funding for master projects University Regulation ministration Board of directors and council Executive committee Accreditation Organisation chart Strategies Rules General rules on study and assessment Code of conduct Conduct in Open Work Areas Conduct in Classrooms Rules on submission of final theses at RU Rules for vancement in BA and BSc studies and transfer of credits Rules for master level studies Rules on doctoral studies Criteria on the use of artificial intelligence in course assessment at Reykjavik University Teaching affairs and registry Faculty and staff Open positions RU logo News Opening hours Annual Reports University Regulation ministration Strategies Rules Teaching affairs and registry Faculty and staff Open positions RU logo News Opening hours Annual Reports Search on this site Type here to search This website is built with Eplica CMS