Home About IIIM People Jobs Contact Log in Staff Director Dr. Kristinn R. Thórisson has been researching artificial intelligence for two deces, in acemia and industry. His research centers on realtime interactive intelligences, complex cognitive systems and mind models. At MIT he pioneered new ideas in the area of communicative, multimodal intelligent agents. Recent projects include developing a cognitive architecture for the humanoid robot ASIMO by Honda Motor Corporation. He is the co-founder of CIA , Iceland's first AI lab, and Rar Networks , a Semantic Web company in San Francisco. He has taught vanced AI courses at Columbia University, KTH and Reykjavik University, and consulted for NASA and British Telecom, among others. Kris has authored numerous scientific papers and sits on the editorial board of the Journal of Artificial General Intelligence and the LNCS Transactions on Computational Collective Intelligence. MIT website Reykjavik University website Associate Director Dr. Stacy Marsella has been a Research Associate Professor of Computer Science at the University of Southern California, Associate Director for Social Simulation Research at the Institute of Creative Technologies and Co-Director of the USC Computational Emotion Group . He le projects on virtual humans, social simulation, interactive drama, emotions and theory of mind. USC website He of External Relations Heida K. Helgóttir has held numerous coordination and leership positions. She was He of Public Relations for the City of Reykjavik's Peer Educations Program and a Coordinator at Reykjavik University's International Office. She has participated in several public speaking competitions and received awards of excellence for her performance. She has organized several public events including Man of the Year Award Ceremony for a national business publication and many other award ceremonies and conventions, as well as managed political campaigns. Heida Kristín holds a B.A. in Political Science from the University of Iceland. visory Board Dr. Rosalind Picard , Professor, Massachusetts Institute of Technology Media Laboratory. She has served on dozens of international science committees and recently chaired the National Science Foundations Committee of Visitors for the Information and Intelligent Systems Division. She has also worked as a consultant for companies such as Apple, AT&T, BT, HP, iRobot, and Motorola. Dr. Jörg Siekmann , Co-Founder & Scientific Director, German Research Center for Artificial Intelligence (DFKI). Dr. Siekmann was a founding Chairman of the German AI Society, a Fellow of the German Computer Science Society (GI), Chairman of the Collaborative Research Centre on Resource-Bounded Cognitive Processes, among others. Dr. Ipke Wachsmuth , Director, Center for Interdisciplinary Research (ZiF); Chair, Artificial Intelligence, University of Bielefeld. Dr. Wachsmuth has a strong multidisciplinary publications in several fields, including cognitive learning research, intelligent tutoring systems, virtual reality and multimodal interaction. He is former president of the German Cognitive Science Society and is co-director of the Collaborative Research Center “Alignment in Communication.” Dr. Finnur Oddsson , Managing Director, Iceland Chamber of Commerce. Dr. Oddsson works with many of Iceland's largest organizations, public and private, in various capacities. Prior to his current post he was Director of MBA Programs at Reykjavik University, and Director of Executive Education and Assistant Professors. Dr. Eythor Ivar Jonsson , DBA, CEO of Klak, Reykjavik, Iceland, directs one of he primary incubation outfits in Iceland. Before joining Klak he held an Associate Professor position at Copenhagen Business School. He is Chairman of the Board of over a dozen Danish companies. Home About IIIM People Jobs Contact Log in Staff Director Dr. Kristinn R. Thórisson has been researching artificial intelligence for two deces, in acemia and industry. His research centers on realtime interactive intelligences, complex cognitive systems and mind models. At MIT he pioneered new ideas in the area of communicative, multimodal intelligent agents. Recent projects include developing a cognitive architecture for the humanoid robot ASIMO by Honda Motor Corporation. He is the co-founder of CIA , Iceland's first AI lab, and Rar Networks , a Semantic Web company in San Francisco. He has taught vanced AI courses at Columbia University, KTH and Reykjavik University, and consulted for NASA and British Telecom, among others. Kris has authored numerous scientific papers and sits on the editorial board of the Journal of Artificial General Intelligence and the LNCS Transactions on Computational Collective Intelligence. MIT website Reykjavik University website Associate Director Dr. Stacy Marsella has been a Research Associate Professor of Computer Science at the University of Southern California, Associate Director for Social Simulation Research at the Institute of Creative Technologies and Co-Director of the USC Computational Emotion Group . He le projects on virtual humans, social simulation, interactive drama, emotions and theory of mind. USC website He of External Relations Heida K. Helgóttir has held numerous coordination and leership positions. She was He of Public Relations for the City of Reykjavik's Peer Educations Program and a Coordinator at Reykjavik University's International Office. She has participated in several public speaking competitions and received awards of excellence for her performance. She has organized several public events including Man of the Year Award Ceremony for a national business publication and many other award ceremonies and conventions, as well as managed political campaigns. Heida Kristín holds a B.A. in Political Science from the University of Iceland. visory Board Dr. Rosalind Picard , Professor, Massachusetts Institute of Technology Media Laboratory. She has served on dozens of international science committees and recently chaired the National Science Foundations Committee of Visitors for the Information and Intelligent Systems Division. She has also worked as a consultant for companies such as Apple, AT&T, BT, HP, iRobot, and Motorola. Dr. Jörg Siekmann , Co-Founder & Scientific Director, German Research Center for Artificial Intelligence (DFKI). Dr. Siekmann was a founding Chairman of the German AI Society, a Fellow of the German Computer Science Society (GI), Chairman of the Collaborative Research Centre on Resource-Bounded Cognitive Processes, among others. Dr. Ipke Wachsmuth , Director, Center for Interdisciplinary Research (ZiF); Chair, Artificial Intelligence, University of Bielefeld. Dr. Wachsmuth has a strong multidisciplinary publications in several fields, including cognitive learning research, intelligent tutoring systems, virtual reality and multimodal interaction. He is former president of the German Cognitive Science Society and is co-director of the Collaborative Research Center “Alignment in Communication.” Dr. Finnur Oddsson , Managing Director, Iceland Chamber of Commerce. Dr. Oddsson works with many of Iceland's largest organizations, public and private, in various capacities. Prior to his current post he was Director of MBA Programs at Reykjavik University, and Director of Executive Education and Assistant Professors. Dr. Eythor Ivar Jonsson , DBA, CEO of Klak, Reykjavik, Iceland, directs one of he primary incubation outfits in Iceland. Before joining Klak he held an Associate Professor position at Copenhagen Business School. He is Chairman of the Board of over a dozen Danish companies. Home About IIIM People Jobs Contact Log in Staff Director Dr. Kristinn R. Thórisson has been researching artificial intelligence for two deces, in acemia and industry. His research centers on realtime interactive intelligences, complex cognitive systems and mind models. At MIT he pioneered new ideas in the area of communicative, multimodal intelligent agents. Recent projects include developing a cognitive architecture for the humanoid robot ASIMO by Honda Motor Corporation. He is the co-founder of CIA , Iceland's first AI lab, and Rar Networks , a Semantic Web company in San Francisco. He has taught vanced AI courses at Columbia University, KTH and Reykjavik University, and consulted for NASA and British Telecom, among others. Kris has authored numerous scientific papers and sits on the editorial board of the Journal of Artificial General Intelligence and the LNCS Transactions on Computational Collective Intelligence. MIT website Reykjavik University website Associate Director Dr. Stacy Marsella has been a Research Associate Professor of Computer Science at the University of Southern California, Associate Director for Social Simulation Research at the Institute of Creative Technologies and Co-Director of the USC Computational Emotion Group . He le projects on virtual humans, social simulation, interactive drama, emotions and theory of mind. USC website He of External Relations Heida K. Helgóttir has held numerous coordination and leership positions. She was He of Public Relations for the City of Reykjavik's Peer Educations Program and a Coordinator at Reykjavik University's International Office. She has participated in several public speaking competitions and received awards of excellence for her performance. She has organized several public events including Man of the Year Award Ceremony for a national business publication and many other award ceremonies and conventions, as well as managed political campaigns. Heida Kristín holds a B.A. in Political Science from the University of Iceland. visory Board Dr. Rosalind Picard , Professor, Massachusetts Institute of Technology Media Laboratory. She has served on dozens of international science committees and recently chaired the National Science Foundations Committee of Visitors for the Information and Intelligent Systems Division. She has also worked as a consultant for companies such as Apple, AT&T, BT, HP, iRobot, and Motorola. Dr. Jörg Siekmann , Co-Founder & Scientific Director, German Research Center for Artificial Intelligence (DFKI). Dr. Siekmann was a founding Chairman of the German AI Society, a Fellow of the German Computer Science Society (GI), Chairman of the Collaborative Research Centre on Resource-Bounded Cognitive Processes, among others. Dr. Ipke Wachsmuth , Director, Center for Interdisciplinary Research (ZiF); Chair, Artificial Intelligence, University of Bielefeld. Dr. Wachsmuth has a strong multidisciplinary publications in several fields, including cognitive learning research, intelligent tutoring systems, virtual reality and multimodal interaction. He is former president of the German Cognitive Science Society and is co-director of the Collaborative Research Center “Alignment in Communication.” Dr. Finnur Oddsson , Managing Director, Iceland Chamber of Commerce. Dr. Oddsson works with many of Iceland's largest organizations, public and private, in various capacities. Prior to his current post he was Director of MBA Programs at Reykjavik University, and Director of Executive Education and Assistant Professors. Dr. Eythor Ivar Jonsson , DBA, CEO of Klak, Reykjavik, Iceland, directs one of he primary incubation outfits in Iceland. Before joining Klak he held an Associate Professor position at Copenhagen Business School. He is Chairman of the Board of over a dozen Danish companies. Home About IIIM People Jobs Contact Log in Staff Director Dr. Kristinn R. Thórisson has been researching artificial intelligence for two deces, in acemia and industry. His research centers on realtime interactive intelligences, complex cognitive systems and mind models. At MIT he pioneered new ideas in the area of communicative, multimodal intelligent agents. Recent projects include developing a cognitive architecture for the humanoid robot ASIMO by Honda Motor Corporation. He is the co-founder of CIA , Iceland's first AI lab, and Rar Networks , a Semantic Web company in San Francisco. He has taught vanced AI courses at Columbia University, KTH and Reykjavik University, and consulted for NASA and British Telecom, among others. Kris has authored numerous scientific papers and sits on the editorial board of the Journal of Artificial General Intelligence and the LNCS Transactions on Computational Collective Intelligence. MIT website Reykjavik University website Associate Director Dr. Stacy Marsella has been a Research Associate Professor of Computer Science at the University of Southern California, Associate Director for Social Simulation Research at the Institute of Creative Technologies and Co-Director of the USC Computational Emotion Group . He le projects on virtual humans, social simulation, interactive drama, emotions and theory of mind. USC website He of External Relations Heida K. Helgóttir has held numerous coordination and leership positions. She was He of Public Relations for the City of Reykjavik's Peer Educations Program and a Coordinator at Reykjavik University's International Office. She has participated in several public speaking competitions and received awards of excellence for her performance. She has organized several public events including Man of the Year Award Ceremony for a national business publication and many other award ceremonies and conventions, as well as managed political campaigns. Heida Kristín holds a B.A. in Political Science from the University of Iceland. visory Board Dr. Rosalind Picard , Professor, Massachusetts Institute of Technology Media Laboratory. She has served on dozens of international science committees and recently chaired the National Science Foundations Committee of Visitors for the Information and Intelligent Systems Division. She has also worked as a consultant for companies such as Apple, AT&T, BT, HP, iRobot, and Motorola. Dr. Jörg Siekmann , Co-Founder & Scientific Director, German Research Center for Artificial Intelligence (DFKI). Dr. Siekmann was a founding Chairman of the German AI Society, a Fellow of the German Computer Science Society (GI), Chairman of the Collaborative Research Centre on Resource-Bounded Cognitive Processes, among others. Dr. Ipke Wachsmuth , Director, Center for Interdisciplinary Research (ZiF); Chair, Artificial Intelligence, University of Bielefeld. Dr. Wachsmuth has a strong multidisciplinary publications in several fields, including cognitive learning research, intelligent tutoring systems, virtual reality and multimodal interaction. He is former president of the German Cognitive Science Society and is co-director of the Collaborative Research Center “Alignment in Communication.” Dr. Finnur Oddsson , Managing Director, Iceland Chamber of Commerce. Dr. Oddsson works with many of Iceland's largest organizations, public and private, in various capacities. Prior to his current post he was Director of MBA Programs at Reykjavik University, and Director of Executive Education and Assistant Professors. Dr. Eythor Ivar Jonsson , DBA, CEO of Klak, Reykjavik, Iceland, directs one of he primary incubation outfits in Iceland. Before joining Klak he held an Associate Professor position at Copenhagen Business School. He is Chairman of the Board of over a dozen Danish companies. Company Information Email Format Management Technology Stack Competitors IIIM is a non-profit research institute dedicated applied basic research in artificial intelligence and automation technologies for the Fourth Industrial Revolution. IIIM catalyzes innovation by faciliating strategic collaboration between acemia and industry, targeted projects, strategic alliances, collaborative platforms, and cross-disciplinary fertilization. IIIM spurs growth and greatly enhances the speed of progress whenever and wherever AI technologies are found to be relevant. View Top Employees from Icelandic Institute for Intelligent Machines Website http://www.iiim.is Revenue $5 million Employees 13 ( 4 on RocketReach ) Founded 2009 dress 1 Menntavegur Fl 2, Reykjavik, Capital Region, IS Phone (354) 552-1020 Fax (354) 872-0026 Technologies JavaScript , HTML , PHP +16 more (view full list) Industry Research Services, Business Services General, Artificial intelligence, Business Services, Simulation, Cognitive robotics, Data mining Web Rank 8 Million Keywords Iceland Machine Learning Jobs, Machine Learning Jobs Iceland, Machine Learning Iceland, University Of Iceland Artificial Intelligence, Iceland Institure Of Artificial Intelligence Competitors Microsoft , IBM , Cognizant , Stanford University , NVIDIA , Massachusetts Institute of Technology , Carnegie Mellon University , Boston Dynamics , Reboot Hack Iceland , AI Community +33 more (view full list) SIC SIC Code 873 Companies , SIC Code 87 Companies NAICS NAICS Code 54 Companies , NAICS Code 541 Companies , NAICS Code 5417 Companies , NAICS Code 541720 Companies , NAICS Code 54172 Companies Looking for a particular Icelandic Institute for Intelligent Machines employee's phone or email? Find Info Icelandic Institute for Intelligent Machines Questions What is the annual revenue of Icelandic Institute for Intelligent Machines? The Icelandic Institute for Intelligent Machines annual revenue was $5 million in 2024. Who is the He of External Relations of Icelandic Institute for Intelligent Machines? Heiða Helgóttir is the He of External Relations of Icelandic Institute for Intelligent Machines. How many people are employed at Icelandic Institute for Intelligent Machines? 4 people are employed at Icelandic Institute for Intelligent Machines. Where is Icelandic Institute for Intelligent Machines based? Icelandic Institute for Intelligent Machines is based in Reykjavik, Capital Region . What is the NAICS code for Icelandic Institute for Intelligent Machines? The NAICS codes for Icelandic Institute for Intelligent Machines are [54, 541, 5417, 541720, 54172] . What is the SIC code for Icelandic Institute for Intelligent Machines? The SIC codes for Icelandic Institute for Intelligent Machines are [873, 87] . Top Icelandic Institute for Intelligent Machines Employees David Kremelberg Affilate Researcher at Icelandic Institute for Intelligent Machines Houston, TX, US View 1 protonmail.com 2 516761XXXX 682710XXXX Sander Kaatee Software Developer at Icelandic Institute for Intelligent Machines Groningen, GR, NL View 1 iiim.is Heiða Helgóttir He of External Relations at Icelandic Institute for Intelligent Machines Iceland View 3 iiim.is 365.is gmail.com Hjörleifur Henriksson Researcher and Developer at Icelandic Institute for Intelligent Machines Iceland View View Similar People Related Companies Startup Iceland 3 $200k Cruise Iceland 4 $5m Riant Games 1 $6.3m BSRB 9 $2m AwareGO 10 $4m STEF - Composers Rights Society of Iceland 3 $10.6m Keldan ehf 1 $5.9m Randex Catholic Theological Institute SICOM Group Evris $3m Sjálfsbjörg $3m Iceland Music Information Centre John Tung Foundation 2 Learn More How It Works Get a Free Account for a free account. No credit card required. Up to 5 free lookups / month. Search the #1 Contact Database Get contact details of over 700M profiles across 60M companies – all with industry-leing accuracy. Sales Navigator and Recruiter users, try out our Email Finder Extension . Use our AI-Powered Email Finder Find business and personal emails and mobile phone numbers with exclusive coverage across niche job titles, industries, and more for unparalleled targeting. Also available via our Contact Data API . For Free G2Crowd Trusted 300K+ Plugin Users Start Team Plan Custom Plan Speak to Sales Home About IIIM People Jobs Contact Log in View IIIM on a larger OpenStreetMap or Google Map Contact & Location IIIM is located on the 2nd floor of Reykjavik University 's new-millennium building in Nautholsvik ( map , 3mb PDF), within unique outdoors areas and near the country's only artificial beach. Icelandic Institute for Intelligent Machines Menntavegur 1, Venus, 2nd fl. IS-101 Reykjavík Iceland info@iiim.is +354.552.1020 (voice) Useful Information Accommodations near IIIM ( alternate ) Keflavik Airport website and Flybus for transportation Telephone directory Bus Lookup (linked page contains correct To dr.) Home About IIIM People Jobs Contact Log in Staff Director Dr. Kristinn R. Thórisson has been researching artificial intelligence for two deces, in acemia and industry. His research centers on realtime interactive intelligences, complex cognitive systems and mind models. At MIT he pioneered new ideas in the area of communicative, multimodal intelligent agents. Recent projects include developing a cognitive architecture for the humanoid robot ASIMO by Honda Motor Corporation. He is the co-founder of CIA , Iceland's first AI lab, and Rar Networks , a Semantic Web company in San Francisco. He has taught vanced AI courses at Columbia University, KTH and Reykjavik University, and consulted for NASA and British Telecom, among others. Kris has authored numerous scientific papers and sits on the editorial board of the Journal of Artificial General Intelligence and the LNCS Transactions on Computational Collective Intelligence. MIT website Reykjavik University website Associate Director Dr. Stacy Marsella has been a Research Associate Professor of Computer Science at the University of Southern California, Associate Director for Social Simulation Research at the Institute of Creative Technologies and Co-Director of the USC Computational Emotion Group . He le projects on virtual humans, social simulation, interactive drama, emotions and theory of mind. USC website He of External Relations Heida K. Helgóttir has held numerous coordination and leership positions. She was He of Public Relations for the City of Reykjavik's Peer Educations Program and a Coordinator at Reykjavik University's International Office. She has participated in several public speaking competitions and received awards of excellence for her performance. She has organized several public events including Man of the Year Award Ceremony for a national business publication and many other award ceremonies and conventions, as well as managed political campaigns. Heida Kristín holds a B.A. in Political Science from the University of Iceland. visory Board Dr. Rosalind Picard , Professor, Massachusetts Institute of Technology Media Laboratory. She has served on dozens of international science committees and recently chaired the National Science Foundations Committee of Visitors for the Information and Intelligent Systems Division. She has also worked as a consultant for companies such as Apple, AT&T, BT, HP, iRobot, and Motorola. Dr. Jörg Siekmann , Co-Founder & Scientific Director, German Research Center for Artificial Intelligence (DFKI). Dr. Siekmann was a founding Chairman of the German AI Society, a Fellow of the German Computer Science Society (GI), Chairman of the Collaborative Research Centre on Resource-Bounded Cognitive Processes, among others. Dr. Ipke Wachsmuth , Director, Center for Interdisciplinary Research (ZiF); Chair, Artificial Intelligence, University of Bielefeld. Dr. Wachsmuth has a strong multidisciplinary publications in several fields, including cognitive learning research, intelligent tutoring systems, virtual reality and multimodal interaction. He is former president of the German Cognitive Science Society and is co-director of the Collaborative Research Center “Alignment in Communication.” Dr. Finnur Oddsson , Managing Director, Iceland Chamber of Commerce. Dr. Oddsson works with many of Iceland's largest organizations, public and private, in various capacities. Prior to his current post he was Director of MBA Programs at Reykjavik University, and Director of Executive Education and Assistant Professors. Dr. Eythor Ivar Jonsson , DBA, CEO of Klak, Reykjavik, Iceland, directs one of he primary incubation outfits in Iceland. Before joining Klak he held an Associate Professor position at Copenhagen Business School. He is Chairman of the Board of over a dozen Danish companies. Home About IIIM People Jobs Contact Log in Staff Director Dr. Kristinn R. Thórisson has been researching artificial intelligence for two deces, in acemia and industry. His research centers on realtime interactive intelligences, complex cognitive systems and mind models. At MIT he pioneered new ideas in the area of communicative, multimodal intelligent agents. Recent projects include developing a cognitive architecture for the humanoid robot ASIMO by Honda Motor Corporation. He is the co-founder of CIA , Iceland's first AI lab, and Rar Networks , a Semantic Web company in San Francisco. He has taught vanced AI courses at Columbia University, KTH and Reykjavik University, and consulted for NASA and British Telecom, among others. Kris has authored numerous scientific papers and sits on the editorial board of the Journal of Artificial General Intelligence and the LNCS Transactions on Computational Collective Intelligence. MIT website Reykjavik University website Associate Director Dr. Stacy Marsella has been a Research Associate Professor of Computer Science at the University of Southern California, Associate Director for Social Simulation Research at the Institute of Creative Technologies and Co-Director of the USC Computational Emotion Group . He le projects on virtual humans, social simulation, interactive drama, emotions and theory of mind. USC website He of External Relations Heida K. Helgóttir has held numerous coordination and leership positions. She was He of Public Relations for the City of Reykjavik's Peer Educations Program and a Coordinator at Reykjavik University's International Office. She has participated in several public speaking competitions and received awards of excellence for her performance. She has organized several public events including Man of the Year Award Ceremony for a national business publication and many other award ceremonies and conventions, as well as managed political campaigns. Heida Kristín holds a B.A. in Political Science from the University of Iceland. visory Board Dr. Rosalind Picard , Professor, Massachusetts Institute of Technology Media Laboratory. She has served on dozens of international science committees and recently chaired the National Science Foundations Committee of Visitors for the Information and Intelligent Systems Division. She has also worked as a consultant for companies such as Apple, AT&T, BT, HP, iRobot, and Motorola. Dr. Jörg Siekmann , Co-Founder & Scientific Director, German Research Center for Artificial Intelligence (DFKI). Dr. Siekmann was a founding Chairman of the German AI Society, a Fellow of the German Computer Science Society (GI), Chairman of the Collaborative Research Centre on Resource-Bounded Cognitive Processes, among others. Dr. Ipke Wachsmuth , Director, Center for Interdisciplinary Research (ZiF); Chair, Artificial Intelligence, University of Bielefeld. Dr. Wachsmuth has a strong multidisciplinary publications in several fields, including cognitive learning research, intelligent tutoring systems, virtual reality and multimodal interaction. He is former president of the German Cognitive Science Society and is co-director of the Collaborative Research Center “Alignment in Communication.” Dr. Finnur Oddsson , Managing Director, Iceland Chamber of Commerce. Dr. Oddsson works with many of Iceland's largest organizations, public and private, in various capacities. Prior to his current post he was Director of MBA Programs at Reykjavik University, and Director of Executive Education and Assistant Professors. Dr. Eythor Ivar Jonsson , DBA, CEO of Klak, Reykjavik, Iceland, directs one of he primary incubation outfits in Iceland. Before joining Klak he held an Associate Professor position at Copenhagen Business School. He is Chairman of the Board of over a dozen Danish companies. Home About IIIM People Jobs Contact Log in Staff Director Dr. Kristinn R. Thórisson has been researching artificial intelligence for two deces, in acemia and industry. His research centers on realtime interactive intelligences, complex cognitive systems and mind models. At MIT he pioneered new ideas in the area of communicative, multimodal intelligent agents. Recent projects include developing a cognitive architecture for the humanoid robot ASIMO by Honda Motor Corporation. He is the co-founder of CIA , Iceland's first AI lab, and Rar Networks , a Semantic Web company in San Francisco. He has taught vanced AI courses at Columbia University, KTH and Reykjavik University, and consulted for NASA and British Telecom, among others. Kris has authored numerous scientific papers and sits on the editorial board of the Journal of Artificial General Intelligence and the LNCS Transactions on Computational Collective Intelligence. MIT website Reykjavik University website Associate Director Dr. Stacy Marsella has been a Research Associate Professor of Computer Science at the University of Southern California, Associate Director for Social Simulation Research at the Institute of Creative Technologies and Co-Director of the USC Computational Emotion Group . He le projects on virtual humans, social simulation, interactive drama, emotions and theory of mind. USC website He of External Relations Heida K. Helgóttir has held numerous coordination and leership positions. She was He of Public Relations for the City of Reykjavik's Peer Educations Program and a Coordinator at Reykjavik University's International Office. She has participated in several public speaking competitions and received awards of excellence for her performance. She has organized several public events including Man of the Year Award Ceremony for a national business publication and many other award ceremonies and conventions, as well as managed political campaigns. Heida Kristín holds a B.A. in Political Science from the University of Iceland. visory Board Dr. Rosalind Picard , Professor, Massachusetts Institute of Technology Media Laboratory. She has served on dozens of international science committees and recently chaired the National Science Foundations Committee of Visitors for the Information and Intelligent Systems Division. She has also worked as a consultant for companies such as Apple, AT&T, BT, HP, iRobot, and Motorola. Dr. Jörg Siekmann , Co-Founder & Scientific Director, German Research Center for Artificial Intelligence (DFKI). Dr. Siekmann was a founding Chairman of the German AI Society, a Fellow of the German Computer Science Society (GI), Chairman of the Collaborative Research Centre on Resource-Bounded Cognitive Processes, among others. Dr. Ipke Wachsmuth , Director, Center for Interdisciplinary Research (ZiF); Chair, Artificial Intelligence, University of Bielefeld. Dr. Wachsmuth has a strong multidisciplinary publications in several fields, including cognitive learning research, intelligent tutoring systems, virtual reality and multimodal interaction. He is former president of the German Cognitive Science Society and is co-director of the Collaborative Research Center “Alignment in Communication.” Dr. Finnur Oddsson , Managing Director, Iceland Chamber of Commerce. Dr. Oddsson works with many of Iceland's largest organizations, public and private, in various capacities. Prior to his current post he was Director of MBA Programs at Reykjavik University, and Director of Executive Education and Assistant Professors. Dr. Eythor Ivar Jonsson , DBA, CEO of Klak, Reykjavik, Iceland, directs one of he primary incubation outfits in Iceland. Before joining Klak he held an Associate Professor position at Copenhagen Business School. He is Chairman of the Board of over a dozen Danish companies. Home About IIIM People Jobs Contact Log in Staff Director Dr. Kristinn R. Thórisson has been researching artificial intelligence for two deces, in acemia and industry. His research centers on realtime interactive intelligences, complex cognitive systems and mind models. At MIT he pioneered new ideas in the area of communicative, multimodal intelligent agents. Recent projects include developing a cognitive architecture for the humanoid robot ASIMO by Honda Motor Corporation. He is the co-founder of CIA , Iceland's first AI lab, and Rar Networks , a Semantic Web company in San Francisco. He has taught vanced AI courses at Columbia University, KTH and Reykjavik University, and consulted for NASA and British Telecom, among others. Kris has authored numerous scientific papers and sits on the editorial board of the Journal of Artificial General Intelligence and the LNCS Transactions on Computational Collective Intelligence. MIT website Reykjavik University website Associate Director Dr. Stacy Marsella has been a Research Associate Professor of Computer Science at the University of Southern California, Associate Director for Social Simulation Research at the Institute of Creative Technologies and Co-Director of the USC Computational Emotion Group . He le projects on virtual humans, social simulation, interactive drama, emotions and theory of mind. USC website He of External Relations Heida K. Helgóttir has held numerous coordination and leership positions. She was He of Public Relations for the City of Reykjavik's Peer Educations Program and a Coordinator at Reykjavik University's International Office. She has participated in several public speaking competitions and received awards of excellence for her performance. She has organized several public events including Man of the Year Award Ceremony for a national business publication and many other award ceremonies and conventions, as well as managed political campaigns. Heida Kristín holds a B.A. in Political Science from the University of Iceland. visory Board Dr. Rosalind Picard , Professor, Massachusetts Institute of Technology Media Laboratory. She has served on dozens of international science committees and recently chaired the National Science Foundations Committee of Visitors for the Information and Intelligent Systems Division. She has also worked as a consultant for companies such as Apple, AT&T, BT, HP, iRobot, and Motorola. Dr. Jörg Siekmann , Co-Founder & Scientific Director, German Research Center for Artificial Intelligence (DFKI). Dr. Siekmann was a founding Chairman of the German AI Society, a Fellow of the German Computer Science Society (GI), Chairman of the Collaborative Research Centre on Resource-Bounded Cognitive Processes, among others. Dr. Ipke Wachsmuth , Director, Center for Interdisciplinary Research (ZiF); Chair, Artificial Intelligence, University of Bielefeld. Dr. Wachsmuth has a strong multidisciplinary publications in several fields, including cognitive learning research, intelligent tutoring systems, virtual reality and multimodal interaction. He is former president of the German Cognitive Science Society and is co-director of the Collaborative Research Center “Alignment in Communication.” Dr. Finnur Oddsson , Managing Director, Iceland Chamber of Commerce. Dr. Oddsson works with many of Iceland's largest organizations, public and private, in various capacities. Prior to his current post he was Director of MBA Programs at Reykjavik University, and Director of Executive Education and Assistant Professors. Dr. Eythor Ivar Jonsson , DBA, CEO of Klak, Reykjavik, Iceland, directs one of he primary incubation outfits in Iceland. Before joining Klak he held an Associate Professor position at Copenhagen Business School. He is Chairman of the Board of over a dozen Danish companies. LinkedIn and 3rd parties use essential and non-essential cookies to provide, secure, analyze and improve our Services, and to show you relevant (including professional and job ) on and off LinkedIn. Learn more in our Cookie Policy . Select Accept to consent or Reject to decline non-essential cookies for this use. You can update your choices at any time in your settings . Accept Reject Skip to main content Icelandic Institute for Intelligent Machines Research Services Inventing the Future Today Follow View all 13 employees About us IIIM is a non-profit research institute dedicated applied basic research in artificial intelligence and automation technologies for the Fourth Industrial Revolution. IIIM catalyzes innovation by faciliating strategic collaboration between acemia and industry, targeted projects, strategic alliances, collaborative platforms, and cross-disciplinary fertilization. IIIM spurs growth and greatly enhances the speed of progress whenever and wherever AI technologies are found to be relevant. Website http://www.iiim.is External link for Icelandic Institute for Intelligent Machines Industry Research Services Company size 2-10 employees Hequarters Reykjavik Type Nonprofit Founded 2009 Specialties Artificial intelligence, Simulation, Cognitive robotics, Data mining, Automation, Systems, and Applications Locations Primary Menntavegur 1, Venus, 2nd fl. Reykjavik, 101, IS Get directions Employees at Icelandic Institute for Intelligent Machines Sigridur Olafsdottir Forced Degration Le, Pharmaceutical Science Strategy, Alvotech Heiða Helgóttir He of External Relations David K. Statistical Consultant at DK Statistical Consulting, Inc. Sander Kaatee AI Engineer See all employees Updates Icelandic Institute for Intelligent Machines 589 followers 1mo Edited ICELAND’S AI REINESS: IIIM’S UNIQUE ROLE The pivotal role the Icelandic Institute for Intelligent Machines (IIIM) played in Iceland’s AI reiness, and IIIM's contribution to Iceland's post-crisis recovery, was recently detailed in a thorough report produced by the Canian research outfit Small Globe. As a world-renowned research hub with a mandate to bridge between acemic R&D to industry, and a strong commitment to ethical AI development, IIIM plays a leing role in the Nordic AI landscape. Find out more in the full article below 👇 https://lnkd.in/emYmhznt And in Small Globe's impact analysis report here 👇 https://lnkd.in/e-St-nm6 8 Like Comment Share Icelandic Institute for Intelligent Machines 589 followers 7mo ARE SUPER-INTELLIGENT MACHINES COMING? DR. KRISTINN R. THÓRISSON IN MIT TECH REVIEW "True understanding comes from interaction and experimentation" explains Thórisson in the most recent German issue of the renowned MIT Technology Review. The interview sheds light on the inner workings of the Autocatalytic Endogenous Reflective Architecture (AERA), his team's AGI-aspiring system. AERA autonomously evolves from a "seed" planted by the designer and alrey shows impressive results transferring knowledge between different tasks, without the help of tritional ML/RL. Could such an architecture break through the barrier between AI and AGI? What are the future implications of developing such a system? Find out more in the full article below: https://lnkd.in/dnQEys4t 14 Like Comment Share Join now to see what you are missing Find people you know at Icelandic Institute for Intelligent Machines Browse recommended jobs for you View all updates, news, and articles Join now Similar pages Rannís - The Icelandic Centre for Research Government ministration Trackwell IT Services and IT Consulting UMCG Hospitals and Health Care Groningen, Groningen fyberloom Software Development San Francisco, California StateOfTheArt AI Research Services Árni Magnússon Institute for Icelandic Studies Reykjavik, Capital Region VWAY Software Development Seoul, Seoul HS Veitur Utilities Data Garage IT Services and IT Consulting Menlo Park, CA Campaign for AI Safety Computer and Network Security Sydney, New South Wales Show more similar pages Show fewer similar pages Agree & Join LinkedIn By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , , and Cookie Policy . Sign in Welcome back Email or phone Password Show Forgot password? Sign in or By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , , and Cookie Policy . New to LinkedIn? Join now or New to LinkedIn? Join now By clicking Continue to join or sign in, you agree to LinkedIn’s User Agreement , , and Cookie Policy . Home About IIIM People Jobs Contact Log in Staff Director Dr. Kristinn R. Thórisson has been researching artificial intelligence for two deces, in acemia and industry. His research centers on realtime interactive intelligences, complex cognitive systems and mind models. At MIT he pioneered new ideas in the area of communicative, multimodal intelligent agents. Recent projects include developing a cognitive architecture for the humanoid robot ASIMO by Honda Motor Corporation. He is the co-founder of CIA , Iceland's first AI lab, and Rar Networks , a Semantic Web company in San Francisco. He has taught vanced AI courses at Columbia University, KTH and Reykjavik University, and consulted for NASA and British Telecom, among others. Kris has authored numerous scientific papers and sits on the editorial board of the Journal of Artificial General Intelligence and the LNCS Transactions on Computational Collective Intelligence. MIT website Reykjavik University website Associate Director Dr. Stacy Marsella has been a Research Associate Professor of Computer Science at the University of Southern California, Associate Director for Social Simulation Research at the Institute of Creative Technologies and Co-Director of the USC Computational Emotion Group . He le projects on virtual humans, social simulation, interactive drama, emotions and theory of mind. USC website He of External Relations Heida K. Helgóttir has held numerous coordination and leership positions. She was He of Public Relations for the City of Reykjavik's Peer Educations Program and a Coordinator at Reykjavik University's International Office. She has participated in several public speaking competitions and received awards of excellence for her performance. She has organized several public events including Man of the Year Award Ceremony for a national business publication and many other award ceremonies and conventions, as well as managed political campaigns. Heida Kristín holds a B.A. in Political Science from the University of Iceland. visory Board Dr. Rosalind Picard , Professor, Massachusetts Institute of Technology Media Laboratory. She has served on dozens of international science committees and recently chaired the National Science Foundations Committee of Visitors for the Information and Intelligent Systems Division. She has also worked as a consultant for companies such as Apple, AT&T, BT, HP, iRobot, and Motorola. Dr. Jörg Siekmann , Co-Founder & Scientific Director, German Research Center for Artificial Intelligence (DFKI). Dr. Siekmann was a founding Chairman of the German AI Society, a Fellow of the German Computer Science Society (GI), Chairman of the Collaborative Research Centre on Resource-Bounded Cognitive Processes, among others. Dr. Ipke Wachsmuth , Director, Center for Interdisciplinary Research (ZiF); Chair, Artificial Intelligence, University of Bielefeld. Dr. Wachsmuth has a strong multidisciplinary publications in several fields, including cognitive learning research, intelligent tutoring systems, virtual reality and multimodal interaction. He is former president of the German Cognitive Science Society and is co-director of the Collaborative Research Center “Alignment in Communication.” Dr. Finnur Oddsson , Managing Director, Iceland Chamber of Commerce. Dr. Oddsson works with many of Iceland's largest organizations, public and private, in various capacities. Prior to his current post he was Director of MBA Programs at Reykjavik University, and Director of Executive Education and Assistant Professors. Dr. Eythor Ivar Jonsson , DBA, CEO of Klak, Reykjavik, Iceland, directs one of he primary incubation outfits in Iceland. Before joining Klak he held an Associate Professor position at Copenhagen Business School. He is Chairman of the Board of over a dozen Danish companies. Home About IIIM People Jobs Contact Log in Staff Director Dr. Kristinn R. Thórisson has been researching artificial intelligence for two deces, in acemia and industry. His research centers on realtime interactive intelligences, complex cognitive systems and mind models. At MIT he pioneered new ideas in the area of communicative, multimodal intelligent agents. Recent projects include developing a cognitive architecture for the humanoid robot ASIMO by Honda Motor Corporation. He is the co-founder of CIA , Iceland's first AI lab, and Rar Networks , a Semantic Web company in San Francisco. He has taught vanced AI courses at Columbia University, KTH and Reykjavik University, and consulted for NASA and British Telecom, among others. Kris has authored numerous scientific papers and sits on the editorial board of the Journal of Artificial General Intelligence and the LNCS Transactions on Computational Collective Intelligence. MIT website Reykjavik University website Associate Director Dr. Stacy Marsella has been a Research Associate Professor of Computer Science at the University of Southern California, Associate Director for Social Simulation Research at the Institute of Creative Technologies and Co-Director of the USC Computational Emotion Group . He le projects on virtual humans, social simulation, interactive drama, emotions and theory of mind. USC website He of External Relations Heida K. Helgóttir has held numerous coordination and leership positions. She was He of Public Relations for the City of Reykjavik's Peer Educations Program and a Coordinator at Reykjavik University's International Office. She has participated in several public speaking competitions and received awards of excellence for her performance. She has organized several public events including Man of the Year Award Ceremony for a national business publication and many other award ceremonies and conventions, as well as managed political campaigns. Heida Kristín holds a B.A. in Political Science from the University of Iceland. visory Board Dr. Rosalind Picard , Professor, Massachusetts Institute of Technology Media Laboratory. She has served on dozens of international science committees and recently chaired the National Science Foundations Committee of Visitors for the Information and Intelligent Systems Division. She has also worked as a consultant for companies such as Apple, AT&T, BT, HP, iRobot, and Motorola. Dr. Jörg Siekmann , Co-Founder & Scientific Director, German Research Center for Artificial Intelligence (DFKI). Dr. Siekmann was a founding Chairman of the German AI Society, a Fellow of the German Computer Science Society (GI), Chairman of the Collaborative Research Centre on Resource-Bounded Cognitive Processes, among others. Dr. Ipke Wachsmuth , Director, Center for Interdisciplinary Research (ZiF); Chair, Artificial Intelligence, University of Bielefeld. Dr. Wachsmuth has a strong multidisciplinary publications in several fields, including cognitive learning research, intelligent tutoring systems, virtual reality and multimodal interaction. He is former president of the German Cognitive Science Society and is co-director of the Collaborative Research Center “Alignment in Communication.” Dr. Finnur Oddsson , Managing Director, Iceland Chamber of Commerce. Dr. Oddsson works with many of Iceland's largest organizations, public and private, in various capacities. Prior to his current post he was Director of MBA Programs at Reykjavik University, and Director of Executive Education and Assistant Professors. Dr. Eythor Ivar Jonsson , DBA, CEO of Klak, Reykjavik, Iceland, directs one of he primary incubation outfits in Iceland. Before joining Klak he held an Associate Professor position at Copenhagen Business School. He is Chairman of the Board of over a dozen Danish companies. Home About IIIM People Jobs Contact Log in Staff Director Dr. Kristinn R. Thórisson has been researching artificial intelligence for two deces, in acemia and industry. His research centers on realtime interactive intelligences, complex cognitive systems and mind models. At MIT he pioneered new ideas in the area of communicative, multimodal intelligent agents. Recent projects include developing a cognitive architecture for the humanoid robot ASIMO by Honda Motor Corporation. He is the co-founder of CIA , Iceland's first AI lab, and Rar Networks , a Semantic Web company in San Francisco. He has taught vanced AI courses at Columbia University, KTH and Reykjavik University, and consulted for NASA and British Telecom, among others. Kris has authored numerous scientific papers and sits on the editorial board of the Journal of Artificial General Intelligence and the LNCS Transactions on Computational Collective Intelligence. MIT website Reykjavik University website Associate Director Dr. Stacy Marsella has been a Research Associate Professor of Computer Science at the University of Southern California, Associate Director for Social Simulation Research at the Institute of Creative Technologies and Co-Director of the USC Computational Emotion Group . He le projects on virtual humans, social simulation, interactive drama, emotions and theory of mind. USC website He of External Relations Heida K. Helgóttir has held numerous coordination and leership positions. She was He of Public Relations for the City of Reykjavik's Peer Educations Program and a Coordinator at Reykjavik University's International Office. She has participated in several public speaking competitions and received awards of excellence for her performance. She has organized several public events including Man of the Year Award Ceremony for a national business publication and many other award ceremonies and conventions, as well as managed political campaigns. Heida Kristín holds a B.A. in Political Science from the University of Iceland. visory Board Dr. Rosalind Picard , Professor, Massachusetts Institute of Technology Media Laboratory. She has served on dozens of international science committees and recently chaired the National Science Foundations Committee of Visitors for the Information and Intelligent Systems Division. She has also worked as a consultant for companies such as Apple, AT&T, BT, HP, iRobot, and Motorola. Dr. Jörg Siekmann , Co-Founder & Scientific Director, German Research Center for Artificial Intelligence (DFKI). Dr. Siekmann was a founding Chairman of the German AI Society, a Fellow of the German Computer Science Society (GI), Chairman of the Collaborative Research Centre on Resource-Bounded Cognitive Processes, among others. Dr. Ipke Wachsmuth , Director, Center for Interdisciplinary Research (ZiF); Chair, Artificial Intelligence, University of Bielefeld. Dr. Wachsmuth has a strong multidisciplinary publications in several fields, including cognitive learning research, intelligent tutoring systems, virtual reality and multimodal interaction. He is former president of the German Cognitive Science Society and is co-director of the Collaborative Research Center “Alignment in Communication.” Dr. Finnur Oddsson , Managing Director, Iceland Chamber of Commerce. Dr. Oddsson works with many of Iceland's largest organizations, public and private, in various capacities. Prior to his current post he was Director of MBA Programs at Reykjavik University, and Director of Executive Education and Assistant Professors. Dr. Eythor Ivar Jonsson , DBA, CEO of Klak, Reykjavik, Iceland, directs one of he primary incubation outfits in Iceland. Before joining Klak he held an Associate Professor position at Copenhagen Business School. He is Chairman of the Board of over a dozen Danish companies.